_services/freelancing.md, before:

---
title: "Freelancing 🤝"
excerpt: "Developing with a design background."
permalink: /freelancing/
modified: 2017-01-01
comments: false
header:
    image: https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/banners_new-001.jpeg
---

## I work with clients of all backgrounds on both product design & development.

> I also freelance write every now and then.

### Provisions

Whatever your needs are related to web design & development or blog writing, I will work with you every step of the way to ensure you get the best quality output. To get a better idea of what I have to offer, feel free to look through a few samples from my blog, portfolio, and feedback given from folks I've worked with in the past.

### Process

1.  You contact me through my website with some details about what your needs are.
2.  I will [set up a time to meet](http://calendly.com/fvcproductions) so we can discuss the project further as well as pricing.
3.  A contract will be set up [through Bonsai](https://www.hellobonsai.com) and iteration starts. This will involve you receiving consistent updates on the project and an overview of the hours I've worked through [Toggl](https://toggl.com/) and [Trello](http://trello.com).
4.  Once you're happy with the final changes and payments are finalized [via PayPal](http://paypal.me/fvcproductions) or your method of choice, the project is complete!
5.  If you'd like to at this point, you can also [add a testimonial](http://fvcproductions.com/contact/feedback/).

### Pricing

I charge a **minimum** of $50/hour when it comes to web design or development but this price gets lower if the process only involves branding & identity. I charged my last development client $300 for a static website and my last design client $150 for branding. In terms of freelance writing, I charge 7 cents per word and a **minimum** of $10/hour. I charged my last writing client $200 for 2000+ words.

Commit message:

It's coming together! 🎉
Signed-off-by: FVCproductions <hello@fvcproductions.com>

_services/freelancing.md, after:

---
title: "Freelancing 🤝"
excerpt: "Developing with a design background."
permalink: /freelancing/
modified: 2017-01-01
comments: false
header:
    image: https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/banners_new-001.jpeg
---

## I work with clients of all backgrounds on both product design & development.

> I also freelance write every now and then.

### Provisions

Whatever your needs are related to web design & development or blog writing, I will work with you every step of the way to ensure you get the best quality output.

To get a better idea of what I have to offer, feel free to look through a [few samples from my blog](/blog), [portfolio](/portfolio), and [feedback](/feedback) given from folks I've worked with in the past.

### Process

1.  You contact me through my website with some details about what your needs are.
2.  I will [set up a time to meet](http://calendly.com/fvcproductions) so we can discuss the project further as well as pricing.
3.  A contract will be set up [through Bonsai](https://www.hellobonsai.com) and iteration starts. This will involve you receiving consistent updates on the project and an overview of the hours I've worked through [Toggl](https://toggl.com/) and [Trello](http://trello.com).
4.  Once you're happy with the final changes and payments are finalized [via PayPal](http://paypal.me/fvcproductions) or your method of choice, the project is complete!
5.  If you'd like to at this point, you can also [add a testimonial](http://fvcproductions.com/contact/feedback/).

### Pricing

> Web Design or Development

I charge a minimum of $50/hour when it comes to web design or development but this price gets lower if the process only involves branding & identity.

I charged my last development client $300 for a static website.

I charged my last design client $150 for branding.

> Freelance Writing

In terms of freelance writing, I charge 7 cents per word and a minimum of $10/hour.

I charged my last writing client $200 for 2000+ words.

> Mentoring

I do charge to mentor others unless I feel it's appropriate to be generous.

Through my Fullstack Academy ambassador position, I received $500 to mentor an incoming Grace Hopper student for 6 hours.
