_portfolio/2013-06-06-ap-literature.md, before:

---
title: "Pursuit of Knowledge"
excerpt: "I created this iBook for my AP English Literature class."
category: "Book"
date: 2013-06-06
header:
    image: https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2016/01/the-pursuit-of-knowledge-14.png
---

![The Pursuit of Knowledge](https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2016/01/the-pursuit-of-knowledge-14.png)

[website - link to iBook on store]

[behance]

[speaker deck]

![iTunes - Download on iBooks](https://www.ripleys.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/download-on-ibooks.png)

Essentially, [*Pursuit of Knowledge*](https://itunes.apple.com/us/book/pursuit-of-knowledge/id1073378182?ls=1&mt=11) explores various mediums where the plot and theme relation are similar in that they each explore how humans are consistently aiming to create a creature more powerful than themselves and the consequences that can be faced from that decision.

This iBook was created for an AP Literature end of the year project in June 2013.

It was written in dedication to the AP Literature professor, Mrs. Cook, who allowed me to explore my ideas in every way imaginable.

Thank you, Mrs.Cook.

## Screenshots

\[gallery type="rectangular" size="full" link="file"
ids="3672,3671,3670,3669,3668,3667,3661,3662,3663,3664,3665,3666,3660"
orderby="rand"\]

## Features

- 12 interactive pages elaborating on the theme of how humans are
    consistently aiming to create a creature more powerful than
    themselves and the consequences that can be faced from that decision

## Tools

- [iBooks Author](https://www.apple.com/ibooks-author/)

Commit message:

Added images! 🎉
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <fvcproductions@gmail.com>

_portfolio/2013-06-06-ap-literature.md, after:

---
title: "Pursuit of Knowledge"
excerpt: "I created this iBook for my AP English Literature class."
category: "Book"
date: 2013-06-06
header:
    image: https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2016/01/the-pursuit-of-knowledge-18.png?w=246&h=179&zoom=2
---

![The Pursuit of Knowledge](https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2016/01/the-pursuit-of-knowledge-14.png)

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://www.behance.net/gallery/17475593/Pursuit-of-Knowledge">Pursuit of Knowledge</a></h4><p>End of Year English ProjectPursuit of KnowledgeFVCproductionsCreated 2013Dedicated to Mrs.Cook</p></blockquote>

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://itunes.apple.com/us/book/pursuit-of-knowledge/id1073378182?ls=1&mt=11">Pursuit of Knowledge by Frances Coronel on iBooks</a></h4><p>Read a free sample or buy Pursuit of Knowledge by Frances Coronel. You can read this book with iBooks on your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, or Mac.</p></blockquote>

Essentially, [*Pursuit of Knowledge*](https://itunes.apple.com/us/book/pursuit-of-knowledge/id1073378182?ls=1&mt=11) explores various mediums where the plot and theme relation are similar in that they each explore how humans are consistently aiming to create a creature more powerful than themselves and the consequences that can be faced from that decision.

This iBook was created for an AP Literature end of the year project in June 2013.

It was written in dedication to the AP Literature professor, Mrs. Cook, who allowed me to explore my ideas in every way imaginable.

Thank you, Mrs.Cook.

## Features

- 12 interactive pages elaborating on the theme of how humans are consistently aiming to create a creature more powerful than themselves and the consequences that can be faced from that decision

## Tools

- [iBooks Author](https://www.apple.com/ibooks-author/)
