_portfolio/2016-12-01-duolingo-delights.md, before:

---
title: "Duolingo Delights 🎁"
date: 2016-12-01
---

<div class="embed-speakerdeck">

</div>

\_oembed\_time\_5ab9409e7dde8d72c5f077afe4e3da15: '1486409129' author:
login: fvcproductions email: fvcproductions@gmail.com display\_name:
 excerpt:
Surprise yourself with Delights. Learn the language, explore the
culture. ---

![duolingo-revised-product-school-001](https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2016/12/duolingo-revised-product-school-001.jpeg){.size-full .wp-image-5857 .aligncenter width="1920" height="1080"}
======================================================================================================================================================================================================

Duolingo Delights {#duolingodelights}
=================

As part of the interview process for [Duolingo](https://duolingo.com), I
created this slide deck for a product task that Duolingo could achieve
by 1–4 engineers in 3–6 months.

I decided to create **Duolingo Delights**. With this feature, Duolingo
users can learn more about the culture around the language they’re
trying to learn and not just the grammar. This objective will be
achieved by inserting mini culture-related tasks throughout the user’s
learning process. These culture-related tasks will be called delights.

- [View this project on
    Behance](https://www.behance.net/gallery/48455905/Duolingo-Delights-)
- [View the slides on Speaker
    Deck](https://speakerdeck.com/fvcproductions/duolingo-delights-revised-1)
- [View the PRD on
    Scribd](https://www.scribd.com/document/333594398/Duolingo-Delights)
- [View the files used on
    GitHub](https://github.com/fvcproductions/duolingo-delights)

\[gallery
ids="5857,5858,5859,5860,5861,5862,5863,5864,5865,5866,5867,5868,5869,5870,5871,5872,5873,5874,5875,5876,5877,5878,5879"
type="rectangular"\]

PRD
---

\[scribd id=333594398 key=key-SEA7TANaoddyrZKsrVDZ mode=scroll\]

Speaker Deck {#speakerdeck}
------------

https://speakerdeck.com/fvcproductions/duolingo-delights-revised-1

Credits
-------

- [FVCproductions](https://fvcproductions.com) 🍓🍫

Donations
---------

> Feed me… 🍕

[![Donate via
PayPal](https://raw.github.com/xioTechnologies/PayPal-Button/master/PayPal%20Button.png)](https://paypal.me/fvcproductions)

Commit message:

Added images! 🎉
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <fvcproductions@gmail.com>

_portfolio/2016-12-01-duolingo-delights.md, after:

---
title: "Duolingo Delights 🎁"
date: 2016-12-01
excerpt: Surprise yourself with Delights. Learn the language, explore the culture.
header:
    image: https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2016/12/duolingo-revised-product-school-001.jpeg
gallery:
    - alt: "Placeholder"
      url: https://i.imgur.com/8cFXnVj.jpg
---

As part of the interview process for [Duolingo](https://duolingo.com), I
created this slide deck for a product task that Duolingo could achieve
by 1–4 engineers in 3–6 months.

I decided to create **Duolingo Delights**. With this feature, Duolingo
users can learn more about the culture around the language they’re
trying to learn and not just the grammar. This objective will be
achieved by inserting mini culture-related tasks throughout the user’s
learning process. These culture-related tasks will be called delights.

- [View this project on
    Behance](https://www.behance.net/gallery/48455905/Duolingo-Delights-)
- [View the slides on Speaker
    Deck](https://speakerdeck.com/fvcproductions/duolingo-delights-revised-1)
- [View the PRD on
    Scribd](https://www.scribd.com/document/333594398/Duolingo-Delights)
- [View the files used on
    GitHub](https://github.com/fvcproductions/duolingo-delights)

\[gallery
ids="5857,5858,5859,5860,5861,5862,5863,5864,5865,5866,5867,5868,5869,5870,5871,5872,5873,5874,5875,5876,5877,5878,5879"
type="rectangular"\]

PRD
---

\[scribd id=333594398 key=key-SEA7TANaoddyrZKsrVDZ mode=scroll\]

Speaker Deck {#speakerdeck}
------------

https://speakerdeck.com/fvcproductions/duolingo-delights-revised-1

Credits
-------

- [FVCproductions](https://fvcproductions.com) 🍓🍫

Donations
---------

> Feed me… 🍕

[![Donate via
PayPal](https://raw.github.com/xioTechnologies/PayPal-Button/master/PayPal%20Button.png)](https://paypal.me/fvcproductions)

{% include gallery %}
