_pages/about.md, before:

---
title: "About 👀️"
permalink: /about/
excerpt: "I like to dabble with things that ought to be dabbled with."
modified: 2017-05-25
---

<h2>I like to dabble with things that <del>shouldn’t</del> ought to be dabbled with.</h2>

Well, at least... that's my slogan.

My "life motto", if you will.

Might have something to do with human nature in general, though, so interpret it as you will.

**Fun Fact** My logo is a chocolate dipped strawberry. No particular reason why, I just think they're yummy. 🍓 🍫
{: .notice}

### Blurb 📇

- SWE with a focus on UI development at Accenture's Liquid Studio in Redwood City, CA 💼
- Self-driven MS in CS grad with a panache for design 🎓️ 🔨️
- Latina (Peruvian-American) 🇵🇪 who gets a lot of personal satisfaction out of inspiring underserved groups within the tech industry 😊
- Mentor, freelancer & speaker 💬️
- Avid conference & hackathon goer 🚗
- Code pusher, design publisher & online blogger 🌐️
- Lover of chocolate dipped strawberries (my logo) 🍓️ 🍫️ and the base 12 system (bae likes it so yeah, sure) 📐 😍

### What's Happening Nowadays 📅

> This a [now section](https://nownownow.com/about) and if you have your own site, you should make one, too!

- sanitizing website posts and projects
  - will be switching from Jekyll to to [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) because it's a GAJILLIONNN times faster - eyyyyyy 🏎
- working hard at the Liquid Studio as a software engineer
  - feel I've been doing more than necessary so I'm going to chill and let that go - lol 😅
- exporting all my old slide decks and designs from a zillion years ago so I can publish them and delete dem files
  - publish or perish - DUN DUN DUN 💀

### Where You Can Find My Work 🍓️

- [Behance](https://behance.net/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-behance"></i>
- [GitHub](https://github.com/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-github"></i>
- [Quora](https://quora.com/profile/Frances-Coronel-1) <i class="fa fa-quora"></i>
- [Scribd](https://www.scribd.com/user/194063411/FVCproductions) <i class="fa fa-scribd"></i>
- [SlideShare](https://www.slideshare.net/FVCproductions) <i class="fa fa-slideshare"></i>
- [YouTube](https://youtube.com/+fvcproductions2013) <i class="fa fa-youtube-play"></i>

### Where You Can Find Me on the Internets 🌐

- [Calendly](https://calendly.com/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-calendar"></i>
- [Code School](https://www.codeschool.com/users/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-code-school"></i>
- [Codecademy](https://www.codecademy.com/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-codecademy"></i>
- [CodeCombat](https://codecombat.com/user/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-codecombat"></i>
- [CodePen](https://codepen.io/fvcproductions/) <i class="fa fa-codepen"></i>
- [DeviantArt](https://fvcproductions.deviantart.com/) <i class="fa fa-deviantart"></i>
- [Goodreads](http://www.goodreads.com/user/show/27884143-frances-coronel) <i class="fa fa-goodreads"></i>
- [Gravatar](https://en.gravatar.com/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-gravatar"></i>
- [Imgur](http://fvcproductions.imgur.com/) <i class="fa fa-imgur"></i>
- [Kickstarter](https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/fvcproductions1618) <i class="fa fa-kickstarter"></i>
- [Lanyrd](http://lanyrd.com/profile/fvcproductions/) <i class="fa fa-lanyrd"></i>
- [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-linkedin"></i>
- [Medium](https://medium.com/@fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-medium"></i>
- [Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/members/182920007/) <i class="fa fa-meetup"></i>
- [Product Hunt](https://www.producthunt.com/@fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-product-hunt"></i>
- [Rotten Tomatoes](https://www.rottentomatoes.com/user/id/966430171) <i class="fa fa-rotten-tomatoes"></i>
- [Speaker Deck](https://speakerdeck.com/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-speaker-deck"></i>
- [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/user/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-spotify"></i>
- [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/users/3000467/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-stack-overflow"></i>
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-twitter"></i>
- [Wordpress](https://fvcproductions.wordpress.com) <i class="fa fa-wordpress"></i>

---

## Become a Patron!

If you have found any of my contributions valuable, kindly consider supporting me through a small donation or by becoming an ongoing patron. 💛️

<a href="https://www.patreon.com/fvcproductions" target="_blank" rel="noopener"><img src="https://c5.patreon.com/external/logo/become_a_patron_button@2x.png" height="50" alt="Become a Patron!"></a>

Commit message:

Formatting more content
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <hello@fvcproductions.com>

_pages/about.md, after:

---
title: "About 👀️"
permalink: /about/
excerpt: "I like to dabble with things that ought to be dabbled with."
---

<h2>I like to dabble with things that <del>shouldn’t</del> ought to be dabbled with.</h2>

Well, at least... that's my slogan.

My "life motto", if you will.

Might have something to do with human nature in general, though, so interpret it as you will.

**Fun Fact** My logo is a chocolate dipped strawberry. No particular reason why, I just think they're yummy. 🍓 🍫
{: .notice}

### Blurb 📇

- SWE with a focus on UI development at Accenture's Liquid Studio in Redwood City, CA 💼
- Self-driven MS in CS grad with a panache for design 🎓️ 🔨️
- Latina (Peruvian-American) 🇵🇪 who gets a lot of personal satisfaction out of inspiring underserved groups within the tech industry 😊
- Mentor, freelancer & speaker 💬️
- Avid conference & hackathon goer 🚗
- Code pusher, design publisher & online blogger 🌐️
- Lover of chocolate dipped strawberries (my logo) 🍓️ 🍫️ and the base 12 system (bae likes it so yeah, sure) 📐 😍

### What's Happening Nowadays 📅

> This a [now section](https://nownownow.com/about) and if you have your own site, you should make one, too!
>
> Last updated October 2017

- lots of migrations going on! 🦋️
  - still completing migration from Wordpress for this website
  - will be switching from Jekyll to to [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) because it's a GAJILLIONNN times faster - eyyyyyy 🏎
  - all my presentations will be moved from Speaker Deck to Slideshare
- trying to avoid the whole "I'm going to let work consume me whole" mentality
  - by attending tech events whenever I can such as conferences or hackathons
  - and by contributing to open-source 👐🏽️

### Where You Can Find My Work 🍓️

- [Behance](https://behance.net/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-behance"></i>
- [GitHub](https://github.com/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-github"></i>
- [Quora](https://quora.com/profile/Frances-Coronel-1) <i class="fa fa-quora"></i>
- [Scribd](https://www.scribd.com/user/194063411/FVCproductions) <i class="fa fa-scribd"></i>
- [SlideShare](https://www.slideshare.net/FVCproductions) <i class="fa fa-slideshare"></i>
- [YouTube](https://youtube.com/+fvcproductions2013) <i class="fa fa-youtube-play"></i>

### Where You Can Find Me on the Internets 🌐

- [Calendly](https://calendly.com/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-calendar"></i>
- [Code School](https://www.codeschool.com/users/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-code-school"></i>
- [Codecademy](https://www.codecademy.com/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-codecademy"></i>
- [CodeCombat](https://codecombat.com/user/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-codecombat"></i>
- [CodePen](https://codepen.io/fvcproductions/) <i class="fa fa-codepen"></i>
- [DeviantArt](https://fvcproductions.deviantart.com/) <i class="fa fa-deviantart"></i>
- [Goodreads](http://www.goodreads.com/user/show/27884143-frances-coronel) <i class="fa fa-goodreads"></i>
- [Gravatar](https://en.gravatar.com/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-gravatar"></i>
- [Imgur](http://fvcproductions.imgur.com/) <i class="fa fa-imgur"></i>
- [Kickstarter](https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/fvcproductions1618) <i class="fa fa-kickstarter"></i>
- [Lanyrd](http://lanyrd.com/profile/fvcproductions/) <i class="fa fa-lanyrd"></i>
- [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-linkedin"></i>
- [Medium](https://medium.com/@fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-medium"></i>
- [Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/members/182920007/) <i class="fa fa-meetup"></i>
- [Product Hunt](https://www.producthunt.com/@fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-product-hunt"></i>
- [Rotten Tomatoes](https://www.rottentomatoes.com/user/id/966430171) <i class="fa fa-rotten-tomatoes"></i>
- [Speaker Deck](https://speakerdeck.com/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-speaker-deck"></i>
- [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/user/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-spotify"></i>
- [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/users/3000467/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-stack-overflow"></i>
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/fvcproductions) <i class="fa fa-twitter"></i>
- [Wordpress](https://fvcproductions.wordpress.com) <i class="fa fa-wordpress"></i>

## Become a Patron!

If you have found any of my contributions valuable, kindly consider supporting me through a small donation or by becoming an ongoing patron. 💛️

<a href="https://www.patreon.com/fvcproductions" target="_blank" rel="noopener"><img src="https://c5.patreon.com/external/logo/become_a_patron_button@2x.png" height="50" alt="Become a Patron!"></a>
