_pages/what-i-use.md, before:

---
title: "What I Use 📱️"
permalink: /what-i-use/
modified: 2017-04-19
excerpt: "The tools I use on a day to day basis."
---

> TODO: remove Airtable and create larger post with updated tools/pictures of tools
>
> **Does not include** online services (e.g. [Raindrop.io](https://raindrop.io "Raindrop")), native Mac apps (e.g. [Keynote](https://www.apple.com/mac/keynote/ "Keynote")), Chrome apps (e.g. [Marmoset](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/marmoset/npkfpddkpefnmkflhhligbkofhnafieb?hl=en "Marmoset")), Chrome extensions (e.g. [BuiltWith Technology Profiler](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/builtwith-technology-prof/dapjbgnjinbpoindlpdmhochffioedbn?hl=en)), macOS add-ons (e.g. [Aerial Screensaver](https://github.com/JohnCoates/Aerial "Aerial")) or hardware (e.g. a [mini display port to VGA adapter](https://www.apple.com/shop/product/MB572Z/B/mini-displayport-to-vga-adapter "VGA Adapter")).

<iframe class="airtable-embed" src="https://airtable.com/embed/shrC3Sq8c2JrUu0cd?backgroundColor=teal&viewControls=on" frameborder="0" onmousewheel="" width="100%" height="1000" style="background: transparent; border: 1px solid #ccc;"></iframe>

Commit message:

Probably broke something - lol
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <hello@fvcproductions.com>

_pages/what-i-use.md, after:

---
title: "What I Use 📱️"
permalink: /what-i-use/
modified: 2017-04-19
excerpt: "The tools I use on a day to day basis."
---

## Software

### Dotfiles

> This has an overview of everything software related that I use.

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://github.com/fvcproductions/dotfiles">fvcproductions/dotfiles</a></h4><p>dotfiles - My custom start script for new laptops 💻</p></blockquote>

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://twitter.com/fvcproductions/status/927052673781719040">Frances Coronel on Twitter</a></h4><p>If you're in need of some cool dotfiles inspired by @google @materialdesign, I've published mine on @github🎨🎉🖌️ https://t.co/zpye8PLuNl</p></blockquote>

## Hardware

### Peripherals

I won a pair of [Bose headphones](https://www.bose.com/en_us/products/headphones.html) at the TAPIA conference from a Dropbox raffle so I use those basically all the time.

![Bose Headphones](https://assets.bose.com/content/dam/Bose_DAM/Web/consumer_electronics/global/categories/subcategory_wireless_headphones/wh_subcat_best_QC35_1x1.psd/_jcr_content/renditions/cq5dam.web.320.320.png)

### Phone

I decided to switch from an iPhone 6 to a Google Pixel 2 recently.

![Google Pixel 2](https://i.imgur.com/ybYLqSn.png)
