site/content/adventures/2014-10-17-coding-interview-tips-and-tricks.md, before:

---
title: Job Interview - Tips and Tricks
date: 2014-10-17
description: Expressing my gratitude.
banner: https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/screenshot-2014-10-17-21-22-13.png
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - coding
  - coding interview
  - cracking the coding interview
  - internship interview
  - personal questions
  - questions coding
  - software development
  - tech companies
  - technical interview
  - technical questions
  - tips and tricks
---

[![tumblr_nd30ogjKdp1qcrg73o1_500](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/tumblr_nd30ogjkdp1qcrg73o1_500.jpg)](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/tumblr_nd30ogjkdp1qcrg73o1_500.jpg)

So I decided to compile a bunch of fun interview topics of interest and questions. This article is limited to what I know from my job interviews.

# So For Those Who Are Looking Forward To Technical Interviews For Software Developer Internships…

**_Here we go!_** :grin:

## **Overview**

* [General Topics Covered](#section-topics)
* [Sample Technical Q's](#section-sampletq)
* [Sample Personal Q's](#section-samplepq)
* [Questions to Ask Your Interviewer](#section-interviewerq)

### **General Topics Covered**

* hash maps
* heaps
* reverse linked lists
* arrays vs hash
* bit manipulation
* string manipulation

### **Sample Technical Q's**

* Write code to test the endianness of a code. Optimitize this code to fit 1 line.
* Write code to print all the factors of a given number.
* What is the definition of RAM?
* What is the keyword volatile used for?
* When is the autorelease pool flushed?
* What techniques can be used to design a spam filter?
* What features should `so and so` server provide?

### **Sample Personal Q's**

* What makes you most interested in this company? (AH DERP)
* Describe yourself.
* What is your largest problem with this company or its software?
* How often do you code?
* Have you worked on projects outside of class? If so, why?

### **Questions to Ask Your Interviewer**

* How much of your day do you spend coding?
* How many meetings do you have every week?
* How does project planning happen on the team?
* What is the ratio of software developers to program managers or what is the student to mentor ratio?
  * What is the interaction between them like?
* Were you ever an intern yourself?

Commit message:

Optimized aliases
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <hello@fvcproductions.com>

site/content/adventures/2014-10-17-coding-interview-tips-and-tricks.md, after:

---
title: Job Interview - Tips and Tricks
date: 2014-10-17
description: Expressing my gratitude.
banner: https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/screenshot-2014-10-17-21-22-13.png
aliases:
  - /2014/10/17/ti-89-tricks-for-calculus/
  - /blog/2014/10/17/ti-89-tricks-for-calculus/
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - coding
  - coding interview
  - cracking the coding interview
  - internship interview
  - personal questions
  - questions coding
  - software development
  - tech companies
  - technical interview
  - technical questions
  - tips and tricks
---

[![tumblr_nd30ogjKdp1qcrg73o1_500](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/tumblr_nd30ogjkdp1qcrg73o1_500.jpg)](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/tumblr_nd30ogjkdp1qcrg73o1_500.jpg)

So I decided to compile a bunch of fun interview topics of interest and questions. This article is limited to what I know from my job interviews.

# So For Those Who Are Looking Forward To Technical Interviews For Software Developer Internships…

**_Here we go!_** :grin:

## **Overview**

* [General Topics Covered](#section-topics)
* [Sample Technical Q's](#section-sampletq)
* [Sample Personal Q's](#section-samplepq)
* [Questions to Ask Your Interviewer](#section-interviewerq)

### **General Topics Covered**

* hash maps
* heaps
* reverse linked lists
* arrays vs hash
* bit manipulation
* string manipulation

### **Sample Technical Q's**

* Write code to test the endianness of a code. Optimitize this code to fit 1 line.
* Write code to print all the factors of a given number.
* What is the definition of RAM?
* What is the keyword volatile used for?
* When is the autorelease pool flushed?
* What techniques can be used to design a spam filter?
* What features should `so and so` server provide?

### **Sample Personal Q's**

* What makes you most interested in this company? (AH DERP)
* Describe yourself.
* What is your largest problem with this company or its software?
* How often do you code?
* Have you worked on projects outside of class? If so, why?

### **Questions to Ask Your Interviewer**

* How much of your day do you spend coding?
* How many meetings do you have every week?
* How does project planning happen on the team?
* What is the ratio of software developers to program managers or what is the student to mentor ratio?
  * What is the interaction between them like?
* Were you ever an intern yourself?
