site/content/adventures/2014-12-27-im-a-noob-when-it-comes-to-programming-where-to-now.md, before:

---
title: "I'm a Noob When It Comes To Programming - Where To Now?"
date: 2014-12-27
description: "I've compiled a list of 15 great resources I've come to learn about over
the years of trying to learn how to properly program."
banner: https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/09/html-css-book-cover.jpg
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - code school
  - codecademy
  - codecombat
  - coderbyte
  - codewars
  - cracking the coding interview
  - css
  - eloquent javascript
  - fvcproductions
  - html
  - html/css
  - javascript
  - jquery
  - jumpstart
  - noob
  - noobie
  - odin project
  - online python tutor
  - programmer
  - Programming
  - properly program
  - python
  - superhero js
  - treehouse
  - tutorial
  - typing.io
  - web development
---

# Here, I've compiled a list of 15 great resources I've come to learn about over the years of trying to learn how to properly program.

I still consider myself a _noob_ now (I mean, it's only been 3 years!), but I grow more and more comfortable with the idea that I've never going to know everything and that aspiring to be a great programmer is the same as aspiring to improve yourself constantly everyday in the art. It's what I love about the field and so I hope this list helps you out in your journey into the realm of digital hieroglyphics (as I like to call it) too.

1.  [Codecademy](//codecademy.com/)\

    > Codecademy is an online interactive platform that offers free coding classes in six different programming languages like Python, PHP, jQuery, JavaScript, and Ruby, as well as markup languages including HTML and CSS.
    >
    > ![](//s3.amazonaws.com/codecademy-blog/assets/03-2013-new-experience.png)

2.  [Code School](//codeschool.com/)\

    > Code School is an online learning platform that teaches a variety of programming and web design skills. Courses range from beginner to advanced levels and you get to earn rewards and badges as you learn.
    >
    > ![](//orm-chimera-prod.s3.amazonaws.com/1234000001682/images/codeschool_jquery.png)

3.  [Treehouse](//teamtreehouse.com/)\

        > Treehouse is the fastest, easiest way to learn to code, make apps, and start a business. Tutorials in CSS, HTML, Ruby, JavaScript, iOS, and more.
        >
        > [![Treehouse

    Banner](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/screenshot-2014-12-27-21-06-25.png?w=660)](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/screenshot-2014-12-27-21-06-25.png)

4.  [Typing.io](//typing.io/)\

    > Typing.io is a typing tutor/trainer for programmers. Typing.io's lessons are based on open source code, allow you to practice typing the key sequences that appear in real code.
    >
    > ![](//www.bram.us/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/typingio.png)

5.  [CodeCombat](//codecombat.com/)\

    > Learn programming with a multiplayer live coding strategy game for beginners. Learn Python or JavaScript as you defeat ogres, solve mazes, and level up.
    >
    > ![](//d212dsb2sdisoj.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/logo64.jpg)

6.  [codewars](//codewars.com/)\

    > Codewars is a collective effort by its users. They are creators - authoring kata to teach various techniques, solving kata with solutions that enlighten others, and commenting with constructive feedback. The leaders among them moderate the content and community.
    >
    > ![](//ciblogassets.s3.amazonaws.com/crowdblog/asset/214/codewars3.png)

7.  [Online Python Tutor](//pythontutor.com/)\

        > Online Python Tutor is a free educational tool created by Philip Guo that helps students overcome a fundamental barrier to learning programming: understanding what happens as the computer executes each line of a program's source code. Using this tool, a teacher or student can write a Python program in the Web browser and visualize what the computer is doing step-by-step as it executes the program.
        >
        > [![Online Python Tutor

    Banner](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/screenshot-2014-12-27-21-54-57.png?w=660)](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/screenshot-2014-12-27-21-54-57.png)

8.  [coderbyte](//coderbyte.com)\

    > Coderbyte is a web application built to help people practice their programming skills with our collection of programming challenges.
    >
    > ![](//s3.amazonaws.com/ksr/assets/000/379/626/6fd69aceb1070555dacf846ed296d84f_large.png?1360397775)

9.  [Learn Python The Hard Way](//learnpythonthehardway.org)\

    > Read by 1.5 million people a year to learn the basics of programming, Learn Python The Hard Way is the most successful beginner programming book on the market.
    >
    > ![](//www.kno.com/images/book-jackets/9780133124330.jpg)

10. [Eloquent JavaScript](//eloquentjavascript.net)\

    > Eloquent JavaScript goes beyond the cut-and-paste scripts of the recipe books and teaches you to write code that's elegant and effective. You'll start with the basics of programming, and learn to use variables, control structures, functions, and data structures. Then you'll dive into the real JavaScript artistry: higher-order functions, closures, and object-oriented programming.
    >
    > ![](//eloquentjavascript.net/img/cover.png)

11. [Jumpstart Lab JavaScript Tutorial](//tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/javascript)\

        > Whether you're a back-end dev, front-end dev or designer, Jump Start JavaScript is the perfect primer to what may be the single most valuable language to know.
        >
        > [![JumpStart

    JavaScript](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/screenshot-2014-12-27-20-41-12.png?w=660)](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/screenshot-2014-12-27-20-41-12.png)

12. [SUPERHERO.JS](//superherojs.com)\

    > A collection of the best articles, videos and presentations about creating, testing and maintaining a large JavaScript code base.
    >
    > [![SUPERHERO.JS](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/screenshot-2014-12-27-20-42-401.png?w=660)](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/screenshot-2014-12-27-20-42-401.png)

13. [The Odin Project](//www.theodinproject.com/home)\

    > The Odin Project is one of those "What I wish I had when I was learning" resources. Not everyone has access to a computer science education or the funds to attend an intensive coding school and neither of those is right for everyone anyway. This project is designed to fill in the gap for people who are trying to hack it on their own but still want a high quality education.
    >
    > ![](//airpair-blog.s3.amazonaws.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/The-Odin-Project-Open-Sourced-Free-Curriculum.png)

14. [[Cracking the Coding Interview](//www.amazon.com/Cracking-Coding-Interview-Programming-Questions/dp/098478280X)\

    > Now in the 5th edition, Cracking the Coding Interview gives you the interview preparation you need to get the top software developer jobs. This is a deeply technical book and focuses on the software engineering skills to ace your interview. The book is over 500 pages and includes 150 programming interview questions and answers, as well as other advice.
    >
    > ![](//ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41wgksZup2L.jpg)

15. [HTML & CSS](//www.htmlandcssbook.com)\

    > Programming books can often look rather intimidating and uninspiring, but they do not need to be. We wanted to redesign the tech book and make it more accessible, relevant, and attractive to a whole new group of readers. The result is a book that feels more like a magazine and is enjoyable to flick through, and looks like it belongs in the graphic design section rather than the programming section of a bookstore.
    >
    > ![](//cdn.tripwiremagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/html-css-design-build-websites.jpg)

Commit message:

Optimized aliases
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <hello@fvcproductions.com>

site/content/adventures/2014-12-27-im-a-noob-when-it-comes-to-programming-where-to-now.md, after:

---
title: "I'm a Noob When It Comes To Programming - Where To Now?"
date: 2014-12-27
description: "I've compiled a list of 15 great resources I've come to learn about over
the years of trying to learn how to properly program."
banner: https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/09/html-css-book-cover.jpg
aliases:
  - /2014/12/27/im-a-noob-when-it-comes-to-programming-where-to-now/
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - code school
  - codecademy
  - codecombat
  - coderbyte
  - codewars
  - cracking the coding interview
  - css
  - eloquent javascript
  - fvcproductions
  - html
  - html/css
  - javascript
  - jquery
  - jumpstart
  - noob
  - noobie
  - odin project
  - online python tutor
  - programmer
  - Programming
  - properly program
  - python
  - superhero js
  - treehouse
  - tutorial
  - typing.io
  - web development
---

# Here, I've compiled a list of 15 great resources I've come to learn about over the years of trying to learn how to properly program.

I still consider myself a _noob_ now (I mean, it's only been 3 years!), but I grow more and more comfortable with the idea that I've never going to know everything and that aspiring to be a great programmer is the same as aspiring to improve yourself constantly everyday in the art. It's what I love about the field and so I hope this list helps you out in your journey into the realm of digital hieroglyphics (as I like to call it) too.

1.  [Codecademy](//codecademy.com/)\

    > Codecademy is an online interactive platform that offers free coding classes in six different programming languages like Python, PHP, jQuery, JavaScript, and Ruby, as well as markup languages including HTML and CSS.
    >
    > ![](//s3.amazonaws.com/codecademy-blog/assets/03-2013-new-experience.png)

2.  [Code School](//codeschool.com/)\

    > Code School is an online learning platform that teaches a variety of programming and web design skills. Courses range from beginner to advanced levels and you get to earn rewards and badges as you learn.
    >
    > ![](//orm-chimera-prod.s3.amazonaws.com/1234000001682/images/codeschool_jquery.png)

3.  [Treehouse](//teamtreehouse.com/)\

        > Treehouse is the fastest, easiest way to learn to code, make apps, and start a business. Tutorials in CSS, HTML, Ruby, JavaScript, iOS, and more.
        >
        > [![Treehouse

    Banner](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/screenshot-2014-12-27-21-06-25.png?w=660)](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/screenshot-2014-12-27-21-06-25.png)

4.  [Typing.io](//typing.io/)\

    > Typing.io is a typing tutor/trainer for programmers. Typing.io's lessons are based on open source code, allow you to practice typing the key sequences that appear in real code.
    >
    > ![](//www.bram.us/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/typingio.png)

5.  [CodeCombat](//codecombat.com/)\

    > Learn programming with a multiplayer live coding strategy game for beginners. Learn Python or JavaScript as you defeat ogres, solve mazes, and level up.
    >
    > ![](//d212dsb2sdisoj.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/logo64.jpg)

6.  [codewars](//codewars.com/)\

    > Codewars is a collective effort by its users. They are creators - authoring kata to teach various techniques, solving kata with solutions that enlighten others, and commenting with constructive feedback. The leaders among them moderate the content and community.
    >
    > ![](//ciblogassets.s3.amazonaws.com/crowdblog/asset/214/codewars3.png)

7.  [Online Python Tutor](//pythontutor.com/)\

        > Online Python Tutor is a free educational tool created by Philip Guo that helps students overcome a fundamental barrier to learning programming: understanding what happens as the computer executes each line of a program's source code. Using this tool, a teacher or student can write a Python program in the Web browser and visualize what the computer is doing step-by-step as it executes the program.
        >
        > [![Online Python Tutor

    Banner](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/screenshot-2014-12-27-21-54-57.png?w=660)](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/screenshot-2014-12-27-21-54-57.png)

8.  [coderbyte](//coderbyte.com)\

    > Coderbyte is a web application built to help people practice their programming skills with our collection of programming challenges.
    >
    > ![](//s3.amazonaws.com/ksr/assets/000/379/626/6fd69aceb1070555dacf846ed296d84f_large.png?1360397775)

9.  [Learn Python The Hard Way](//learnpythonthehardway.org)\

    > Read by 1.5 million people a year to learn the basics of programming, Learn Python The Hard Way is the most successful beginner programming book on the market.
    >
    > ![](//www.kno.com/images/book-jackets/9780133124330.jpg)

10. [Eloquent JavaScript](//eloquentjavascript.net)\

    > Eloquent JavaScript goes beyond the cut-and-paste scripts of the recipe books and teaches you to write code that's elegant and effective. You'll start with the basics of programming, and learn to use variables, control structures, functions, and data structures. Then you'll dive into the real JavaScript artistry: higher-order functions, closures, and object-oriented programming.
    >
    > ![](//eloquentjavascript.net/img/cover.png)

11. [Jumpstart Lab JavaScript Tutorial](//tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/javascript)\

        > Whether you're a back-end dev, front-end dev or designer, Jump Start JavaScript is the perfect primer to what may be the single most valuable language to know.
        >
        > [![JumpStart

    JavaScript](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/screenshot-2014-12-27-20-41-12.png?w=660)](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/screenshot-2014-12-27-20-41-12.png)

12. [SUPERHERO.JS](//superherojs.com)\

    > A collection of the best articles, videos and presentations about creating, testing and maintaining a large JavaScript code base.
    >
    > [![SUPERHERO.JS](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/screenshot-2014-12-27-20-42-401.png?w=660)](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/screenshot-2014-12-27-20-42-401.png)

13. [The Odin Project](//www.theodinproject.com/home)\

    > The Odin Project is one of those "What I wish I had when I was learning" resources. Not everyone has access to a computer science education or the funds to attend an intensive coding school and neither of those is right for everyone anyway. This project is designed to fill in the gap for people who are trying to hack it on their own but still want a high quality education.
    >
    > ![](//airpair-blog.s3.amazonaws.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/The-Odin-Project-Open-Sourced-Free-Curriculum.png)

14. [[Cracking the Coding Interview](//www.amazon.com/Cracking-Coding-Interview-Programming-Questions/dp/098478280X)\

    > Now in the 5th edition, Cracking the Coding Interview gives you the interview preparation you need to get the top software developer jobs. This is a deeply technical book and focuses on the software engineering skills to ace your interview. The book is over 500 pages and includes 150 programming interview questions and answers, as well as other advice.
    >
    > ![](//ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41wgksZup2L.jpg)

15. [HTML & CSS](//www.htmlandcssbook.com)\

    > Programming books can often look rather intimidating and uninspiring, but they do not need to be. We wanted to redesign the tech book and make it more accessible, relevant, and attractive to a whole new group of readers. The result is a book that feels more like a magazine and is enjoyable to flick through, and looks like it belongs in the graphic design section rather than the programming section of a bookstore.
    >
    > ![](//cdn.tripwiremagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/html-css-design-build-websites.jpg)
