site/content/adventures/2014-12-28-coding-bootcamps-map.md, before:

---
title: Map of Coding Bootcamps
date: 2014-12-28
banner: https://i.imgur.com/HEcSJIK.png
categories:
  - portfolio
tags:
  - bootcamp.me
  - coding bootcamp map
  - coding bootcamps
  - crowdsourced map
  - crowdsourcing
  - google map
  - map me
  - map of coding bootcamps
  - mapme
---

The world is teeming with coding bootcamps, but I just couldn’t find a more geographically/visually oriented website that showed all the physical coding bootcamps that are available out there.

In comes [**Bootcamp.me**](https://bit.ly/bootcampme "Bootcamp.me"), a Google map that provides links to in-person coding bootcamps/development schools located worldwide.

I also created a crowd-sourced version of the map using the service [Mapme](https://mapme.com/ "Mapme") starting May 20th, 2015.

## Why Mapme?

So after realizing a lot of people liked the idea of a more geographically oriented way to find a bootcamp, I started creating [Bootcamp.me](//bit.ly/bootcampme "Bootcamp.me") using Google Maps back in November of last year.\[googlemaps //www.google.com/maps/d/embed?mid=zIblKEWM9BnY.kF6pHtgPUlIo&w=640&h=480\]

Again, you can find the Google Map at [bit.ly/bootcampme](//bit.ly/bootcampme "Bootcamp.me").

As of right now, there are exactly [165 distinct bootcamps](//bit.ly/bootcamps-to-add "Bootcamp Directory") on the map, which is _pretty_ awesome. I mean, it's only been 3 years and there's already so many! Says a lot.

It's also really cool seeing where they are popping up, which is practically **everywhere**, but there are definitely some clusters here and there.

Anyhow, after some thought, I decided to go ahead and begin a crowdsourced version of the map using [Mapme](//mapme.com "Map.me"), an Israel based startup that allows users to develop - surprise, surprise - crowdsourced maps.

This is partly because I know I'm not going to be able to update this project at some point in the future due to other priorities so better to have it updated constantly by everybody instead of me alone.

Now I'm not **completely** switching over to this map quite yet. Mapme is still a work in progress being a startup themselves so the app isn't quite refined yet. It's nice, however, that I was able to get early access. It's obvious they're dedicated to quality over quantity right now.

**For the time being**, I'll be adding on to the crowdsourced map **gradually** (I have a lot going on with [Fullstack Academy](//fullstackacademy.com "Fullstack Academy") right now), but the Google Map will still act as the main reference, even if it does lack a bunch of features.

My future goals still involve making this into a full-fledged web app or having it as a resource for a _coding bootcamp investigator_, as I like to call them (think [Course Report](//www.coursereport.com/ "Course Report") and [SwitchUp](//switchup.org "SwitchUp")). What would they be formally called anyways?

## Links

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="http://bit.ly/bootcampme">Bootcamp.me - Google My Maps</a></h4><p>This map showcases in-person coding bootcamps located worldwide. The short URL for this map is "bit.ly/bootcampme". Contact me @fvcproductions on Twitter with the name, address, and website if you would like your coding bootcamp to be added. Copyright FVCproductions © 2015 - 2017</p></blockquote>
<script async src="//cdn.embedly.com/widgets/platform.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>

* **Bootcamp.me | Mapme** [`mapme.com/coding-bootcamps`](https://mapme.com/coding-bootcamps "Bootcamp.me - Mapme")

## Stats

* `4,280` views as of September 12, 2015

## Tools

* [Google My Maps](https://www.google.com/maps/d/splash?app=mp "Google MyMaps")
  * I began working on this project on **November 8, 2014**.
* [Mapme](https://mapme.com/ "Mapme")
  * I began working on this project in **November 2014** and provided a big update on **January 12, 2016**.

## Contribute

* Head over to `mapme.com/coding-bootcamps.`

## Pictures

![Mapme | Coding Bootcamps](https://i.imgur.com/SR7yuSg.png)

![Mapme | Coding Bootcamps 2](https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/05/codingbootcamps.png)

## References

* [Course Report](https://coursereport.com "Course Report")

Commit message:

Optimized aliases
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <hello@fvcproductions.com>

site/content/adventures/2014-12-28-coding-bootcamps-map.md, after:

---
title: Map of Coding Bootcamps
date: 2014-12-28
banner: https://i.imgur.com/HEcSJIK.png
aliases:
  - /2015/05/20/bootcamp-me-attempting-to-crowd-source/
  - /portfolio/bootcamp-me/
  - /portfolio/mapme-coding-bootcamps/
categories:
  - portfolio
tags:
  - bootcamp.me
  - coding bootcamp map
  - coding bootcamps
  - crowdsourced map
  - crowdsourcing
  - google map
  - map me
  - map of coding bootcamps
  - mapme
---

The world is teeming with coding bootcamps, but I just couldn’t find a more geographically/visually oriented website that showed all the physical coding bootcamps that are available out there.

In comes [**Bootcamp.me**](https://bit.ly/bootcampme 'Bootcamp.me'), a Google map that provides links to in-person coding bootcamps/development schools located worldwide.

I also created a crowd-sourced version of the map using the service [Mapme](https://mapme.com/ 'Mapme') starting May 20th, 2015.

## Why Mapme?

So after realizing a lot of people liked the idea of a more geographically oriented way to find a bootcamp, I started creating [Bootcamp.me](//bit.ly/bootcampme 'Bootcamp.me') using Google Maps back in November of last year.\[googlemaps //www.google.com/maps/d/embed?mid=zIblKEWM9BnY.kF6pHtgPUlIo&w=640&h=480\]

Again, you can find the Google Map at [bit.ly/bootcampme](//bit.ly/bootcampme 'Bootcamp.me').

As of right now, there are exactly [165 distinct bootcamps](//bit.ly/bootcamps-to-add 'Bootcamp Directory') on the map, which is _pretty_ awesome. I mean, it's only been 3 years and there's already so many! Says a lot.

It's also really cool seeing where they are popping up, which is practically **everywhere**, but there are definitely some clusters here and there.

Anyhow, after some thought, I decided to go ahead and begin a crowdsourced version of the map using [Mapme](//mapme.com 'Map.me'), an Israel based startup that allows users to develop - surprise, surprise - crowdsourced maps.

This is partly because I know I'm not going to be able to update this project at some point in the future due to other priorities so better to have it updated constantly by everybody instead of me alone.

Now I'm not **completely** switching over to this map quite yet. Mapme is still a work in progress being a startup themselves so the app isn't quite refined yet. It's nice, however, that I was able to get early access. It's obvious they're dedicated to quality over quantity right now.

**For the time being**, I'll be adding on to the crowdsourced map **gradually** (I have a lot going on with [Fullstack Academy](//fullstackacademy.com 'Fullstack Academy') right now), but the Google Map will still act as the main reference, even if it does lack a bunch of features.

My future goals still involve making this into a full-fledged web app or having it as a resource for a _coding bootcamp investigator_, as I like to call them (think [Course Report](//www.coursereport.com/ 'Course Report') and [SwitchUp](//switchup.org 'SwitchUp')). What would they be formally called anyways?

## Links

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="http://bit.ly/bootcampme">Bootcamp.me - Google My Maps</a></h4><p>This map showcases in-person coding bootcamps located worldwide. The short URL for this map is "bit.ly/bootcampme". Contact me @fvcproductions on Twitter with the name, address, and website if you would like your coding bootcamp to be added. Copyright FVCproductions © 2015 - 2017</p></blockquote>
<script async src="//cdn.embedly.com/widgets/platform.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>

* **Bootcamp.me | Mapme** [`mapme.com/coding-bootcamps`](https://mapme.com/coding-bootcamps 'Bootcamp.me - Mapme')

## Stats

* `4,280` views as of September 12, 2015

## Tools

* [Google My Maps](https://www.google.com/maps/d/splash?app=mp 'Google MyMaps')
  * I began working on this project on **November 8, 2014**.
* [Mapme](https://mapme.com/ 'Mapme')
  * I began working on this project in **November 2014** and provided a big update on **January 12, 2016**.

## Contribute

* Head over to `mapme.com/coding-bootcamps.`

## Pictures

![Mapme | Coding Bootcamps](https://i.imgur.com/SR7yuSg.png)

![Mapme | Coding Bootcamps 2](https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/05/codingbootcamps.png)

## References

* [Course Report](https://coursereport.com 'Course Report')
