site/content/adventures/2014-04-07-texting-while-driving.md, before:

---
title: "Texting While Driving"
date: 2014-04-07
description: As part of a health project, my team and I tackled the effects of texting
  while driving.
banner: https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/disp/c7241d15962469.5629949c47469.png
categories:
    - portfolio
    - design
    - research
    - presentation
---

As part of a health project, my team and I tackled the effects of texting while driving.

## Paper

We wrote a 27-page paper on the effects of texting while driving.

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://www.scribd.com/document/227095609/Texting-While-Driving-Full-Paper">Texting While Driving Full Paper</a></h4><p>Texting While Driving Full Academic Paper FVCproductions Where we upload for YOUR viewing pleasure, And are looking forward to future endeavor. Enjoy and spread the joy. Copyright 2014 Don't forget to like and/or comment! :)</p></blockquote>

## Flyer

I created a texting while driving flyer to raise awareness as a requirement for the health project.

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://www.behance.net/gallery/15275741/Texting-While-Driving-Flyer">Texting While Driving Flyer</a></h4><p>Texting while driving flyer for health class.</p></blockquote>

## Presentation

I created a slide deck to showcase the effects of texting while driving which the team and I presented together.

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://speakerdeck.com/fvcproductions/texting-while-driving">Texting While Driving</a></h4><p>Presentation for HEA 200 (Health Education). April 2014</p></blockquote>

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcT0GtqPZuw">Texting While Driving</a></h4><p>Texting While Driving Health Project Spring 2014 FVCproductions No copyright intended.</p></blockquote>

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://www.behance.net/gallery/15962469/Texting-While-Driving">Texting While Driving</a></h4><p>Texting While Driving Group ProjectCreated May 2013</p></blockquote>

Commit message:

Embedly sanitizations
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <hello@fvcproductions.com>

site/content/adventures/2014-04-07-texting-while-driving.md, after:

---
title: Texting While Driving
date: 2014-04-07
description: As part of a health project, my team and I tackled the effects of texting while driving.
banner: https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/disp/c7241d15962469.5629949c47469.png
embedly: true
categories:
  - portfolio
  - design
  - research
  - presentation
---

As part of a health project, my team and I tackled the effects of texting while driving.

## Paper

We wrote a 27-page paper on the effects of texting while driving.

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://www.scribd.com/document/227095609/Texting-While-Driving-Full-Paper">Texting While Driving Full Paper</a></h4><p>Texting While Driving Full Academic Paper FVCproductions Where we upload for YOUR viewing pleasure, And are looking forward to future endeavor. Enjoy and spread the joy. Copyright 2014 Don't forget to like and/or comment! :)</p></blockquote>

## Flyer

I created a texting while driving flyer to raise awareness as a requirement for the health project.

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://www.behance.net/gallery/15275741/Texting-While-Driving-Flyer">Texting While Driving Flyer</a></h4><p>Texting while driving flyer for health class.</p></blockquote>

## Presentation

I created a slide deck to showcase the effects of texting while driving which the team and I presented together.

### Speaker Deck

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://speakerdeck.com/fvcproductions/texting-while-driving">Texting While Driving</a></h4><p>Presentation for HEA 200 (Health Education). April 2014</p></blockquote>

### YouTube

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcT0GtqPZuw">Texting While Driving</a></h4><p>Texting While Driving Health Project Spring 2014 FVCproductions No copyright intended.</p></blockquote>

### Behance

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://www.behance.net/gallery/15962469/Texting-While-Driving">Texting While Driving</a></h4><p>Texting While Driving Group ProjectCreated May 2013</p></blockquote>
