site/content/adventures/2015-11-14-hr-devfest.md, before:

---
title: HR DevFest
date: 2015-11-14
description: My first speaking event at a tech conference!
banner: https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/issuetrak-conference-00831.jpg
categories:
  - conference
  - speaking
  - webdesign
---

## Name

[HR (Hampton Roads) DevFest](//hrdevfest.org)

## Organizer

RevolutionVA

## Location

Issuetrak - Norfolk, VA

## Date

November 14th, 2015

## Role

Scholarship Recipient, Speaker - Web Design for Developers

## About

Hampton Roads DevFest is a technology conference focused on giving software engineers in the region exposure to new innovations and best practices.

![HR DevFest](https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/issuetrak-conference-00831.jpg)

### Presentation

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://twitter.com/fvcproductions/status/662647429737615360">Frances Coronel on Twitter</a></h4><p>I'll speaking at @HRDevFest on web design this Saturday - should be a blast! #webdesign #hrdevfest</p></blockquote>
<script async src="//cdn.embedly.com/widgets/platform.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEJyRuQF4Ww">HR DevFest | Web Design Talk</a></h4><p>For references, please refer to: https://speakerdeck.com/fvcproductions/hrdevfest-web-design FVCproductions No copyright intended.</p></blockquote>

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://speakerdeck.com/fvcproductions/hrdevfest-web-design">HRDevFest | Web Design</a></h4><p>My presentation on Web Design for HRDevFest in Norfolk, VA on November 14th, 2015. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEJyRuQF4Ww</p></blockquote>

### Feedback

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://twitter.com/lisadenoia/status/665604693549170688">Lisa on Twitter</a></h4><p>@fvcproductions I really enjoyed your session at @hrdevfest this morning! Well done! #hrdevfest</p></blockquote>

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://twitter.com/aag1091/status/665554097798426624">Avinash Gosavi on Twitter</a></h4><p>@fvcproductions That was a pretty awesome talk.</p></blockquote>

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://twitter.com/erikpmp/status/665554118182703105">Erik Olson on Twitter</a></h4><p>Thanks @fvcproductions for letting me know about the upcoming documentary DESIGN DISRUPTORS! https://t.co/a3QvMSqkWy #hrdevfest</p></blockquote>

Commit message:

Migrate blog post
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <hello@fvcproductions.com>

site/content/adventures/2015-11-14-hr-devfest.md, after:

---
title: HR DevFest
date: 2015-11-14
description: My first speaking event at a tech conference!
banner: https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/issuetrak-conference-00831.jpg
categories:
  - conference
  - speaking
  - webdesign
---

## Name

[HR (Hampton Roads) DevFest](//hrdevfest.org)

## Organizer

RevolutionVA

## Location

Issuetrak - Norfolk, VA

## Date

November 14th, 2015 - 8:30 am to 6 pm

## Role

Scholarship Recipient, Speaker - Web Design for Developers

## About

Hampton Roads DevFest is a technology conference focused on giving software engineers in the region exposure to new innovations and best practices.

![HR DevFest](https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/issuetrak-conference-00831.jpg)

### Presentation

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://twitter.com/fvcproductions/status/662647429737615360">Frances Coronel on Twitter</a></h4><p>I'll speaking at @HRDevFest on web design this Saturday - should be a blast! #webdesign #hrdevfest</p></blockquote>
<script async src="//cdn.embedly.com/widgets/platform.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEJyRuQF4Ww">HR DevFest | Web Design Talk</a></h4><p>For references, please refer to: https://speakerdeck.com/fvcproductions/hrdevfest-web-design FVCproductions No copyright intended.</p></blockquote>

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://speakerdeck.com/fvcproductions/hrdevfest-web-design">HRDevFest | Web Design</a></h4><p>My presentation on Web Design for HRDevFest in Norfolk, VA on November 14th, 2015. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEJyRuQF4Ww</p></blockquote>

### Feedback

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://twitter.com/lisadenoia/status/665604693549170688">Lisa on Twitter</a></h4><p>@fvcproductions I really enjoyed your session at @hrdevfest this morning! Well done! #hrdevfest</p></blockquote>

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://twitter.com/aag1091/status/665554097798426624">Avinash Gosavi on Twitter</a></h4><p>@fvcproductions That was a pretty awesome talk.</p></blockquote>

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://twitter.com/erikpmp/status/665554118182703105">Erik Olson on Twitter</a></h4><p>Thanks @fvcproductions for letting me know about the upcoming documentary DESIGN DISRUPTORS! https://t.co/a3QvMSqkWy #hrdevfest</p></blockquote>

### Blog Post

So I live in Norfolk, Virginia which is this beautiful small town by the sea. Norfolk is part of the Hampton Roads area which is often referred to as the since that’s our catchy area code.

Norfolk has a growing developer community, but it has yet to really establish a culture for them. This is where conferences usually come in.

Having said that, HR DevFest, the first major tech conference catering to the area, was actually today on November 14th, 2015 from 8:30 am to 6 pm.

It’s always exciting to potentially be part of an inaugural anything so when the organizers behind HR DevFest announced their call for presentations, I decided to give it a shot for the heck of it and submitted my proposal on a web design talk that I had presented while at Fullstack Academy.

I was surprised by the amount of support I received from the community for the proposal and before I knew it, I had gotten the opportunity to speak for the first time at an official tech conference.

I’ve spoken at conferences before, but never at an actual tech conference which is why victory was that much sweeter when I finally got the opportunity to do so today. So…

Thanks HR DevFest.

Needless to say, I’m definitely going to be giving more talks in the future.
