site/content/adventures/2015-04-13-what-to-do-week-negative-8.md, before:

---
title: "What To Do, What To Do, Week -8"
date: 2015-04-13
description: "After applying and interviewing for
a bunch of internships and coding bootcamps and receiving a bunch of
rejections and acceptances, I've decided to head to Fullstack Academy
this summer."
banner: https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/04/fullstack-academy-banner.jpg?w=1024&h=435&crop=1
tags:
    - internships
    - fullstack academy
    - coding bootcamps
categories:
    - blog
---

# These are interesting times.

After applying and interviewing for a bunch of internships and coding bootcamps and receiving a bunch of rejections and acceptances, I've decided to head to [Fullstack Academy](//fullstackacademy.com "Fullstack Academy") this summer which is located in New York City to be part of their inaugural class for their [Summer of Code](//www.fullstackacademy.com/summer-of-code "Fullstack Academy | Summer of Code") program. Ok, wow, that was a mouthful![![Summer of Code | Fullstack
Academy](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/04/summer-of-code-fullstack-academy.png)](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/04/summer-of-code-fullstack-academy.png)

It's only for college kiddies and surprisingly there's not many programs designated specifically for us, so it's pretty cool that Fullstack decided to implement this.

**The Deets**

Read [Quote of Huntly Mayo Malasky's answer to Are there are any coding bootcamps for college students?](//www.quora.com/Are-there-are-any-coding-bootcamps-for-college-students/answer/Huntly-Mayo-Malasky/quote/3466710) on [Quora](//www.quora.com)

It was a big decision and was not to be taken lightly. My parents supported me throughout the whole process and for that, I'm appreciative.

![](//www.quickmeme.com/img/6d/6dc5a6608cbb656374d791b68a7709f62dbb3e0f3742cf074b295dc8d8edc471.jpg)

I'm hoping to finally gain those "practical skills" in web development so I can finally start implementing all the ideas I have for potential web apps!

If everything goes as planned, senior year is going to fly by! :wink:

But [anywhoozies](//twitter.com/swooz1e "Swoozie"), yay me!!!

\[**Insert 5 Hours Of A Random Celebratory Song**\]

\[soundcloud url="//api.soundcloud.com/tracks/161275114" params="auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true" width="100%" height="450" iframe="true" /\]

Commit message:

Optimized aliases
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <hello@fvcproductions.com>

site/content/adventures/2015-04-13-what-to-do-week-negative-8.md, after:

---
title: "What To Do, What To Do, Week -8"
date: 2015-04-13
description: "After applying and interviewing for
a bunch of internships and coding bootcamps and receiving a bunch of
rejections and acceptances, I've decided to head to Fullstack Academy
this summer."
aliases:
  - /2015/04/13/what-to-do-week-negative-8/
banner: https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/04/fullstack-academy-banner.jpg?w=1024&h=435&crop=1
tags:
    - internships
    - fullstack academy
    - coding bootcamps
categories:
    - blog
---

# These are interesting times.

After applying and interviewing for a bunch of internships and coding bootcamps and receiving a bunch of rejections and acceptances, I've decided to head to [Fullstack Academy](//fullstackacademy.com 'Fullstack Academy') this summer which is located in New York City to be part of their inaugural class for their [Summer of Code](//www.fullstackacademy.com/summer-of-code 'Fullstack Academy | Summer of Code') program. Ok, wow, that was a mouthful![![Summer of Code | Fullstack
Academy](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/04/summer-of-code-fullstack-academy.png)](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/04/summer-of-code-fullstack-academy.png)

It's only for college kiddies and surprisingly there's not many programs designated specifically for us, so it's pretty cool that Fullstack decided to implement this.

**The Deets**

Read [Quote of Huntly Mayo Malasky's answer to Are there are any coding bootcamps for college students?](//www.quora.com/Are-there-are-any-coding-bootcamps-for-college-students/answer/Huntly-Mayo-Malasky/quote/3466710) on [Quora](//www.quora.com)

It was a big decision and was not to be taken lightly. My parents supported me throughout the whole process and for that, I'm appreciative.

![](//www.quickmeme.com/img/6d/6dc5a6608cbb656374d791b68a7709f62dbb3e0f3742cf074b295dc8d8edc471.jpg)

I'm hoping to finally gain those "practical skills" in web development so I can finally start implementing all the ideas I have for potential web apps!

If everything goes as planned, senior year is going to fly by! :wink:

But [anywhoozies](//twitter.com/swooz1e 'Swoozie'), yay me!!!

\[**Insert 5 Hours Of A Random Celebratory Song**\]

\[soundcloud url="//api.soundcloud.com/tracks/161275114" params="auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true" width="100%" height="450" iframe="true" /\]
