site/content/adventures/2016-02-28-monarchs-hack-the-campus.md, before:

---
title: Monarchs Hack the Campus
description: Join us as we build apps, hardware, and community in Silicon Harbor. Yeah, we’ll be hacking for 36 hours straight, but we’ll take a chill pill or two. And whether you’re a seasoned veteran or just getting started, we’ve got your back​ every step of the way.
date: 2016-02-28
banner: https://i.imgur.com/28uEW41.png
categories:
  - hackathon
  - volunteering
  - portfolio
  - hackathon
  - design
  - web
---

## Name

[Monarchs Hack the Campus](//www.cs.odu.edu/~acm/hackathon/)

## Organizer

Old Dominion University

## Location

Strome Entrepreneurial Center - Old Dominion University - Norfolk, VA

## Date

February 26th to 28th, 2016

## Role

Volunteer

## About

For an upcoming hackathon at ODU dubbed Monarchs Hack the Campus, I acted as a volunteer and helped create the event website as well as help in-person.

For the annual Old Dominion University dubbed Monarchs Hack the Campus, I helped out as volunteer by creating banners and re-designing the website and registration Typeform.

Monarchs Hack the Campus Old Dominion University February 2016 Credits go to Michelle Graham for ODU Cat Graphic

For an upcoming hackathon at [ODU](//odu.edu) dubbed [`Monarchs Hack the Campus`](//www.cs.odu.edu/~acm/hackathon/), I'm acting as a volunteer and am already helping out with some pretty big tasks.

## Project

* Unfortunately, the GitHub repo is private. 💀️
* [Typeform](https://mhtc-spring-2016.typeform.com/to/RXB7sy)
* [Website](https://www.cs.odu.edu/~acm/hackathon/)
* [Old Portfolio Link](https://fvcproductions.com/portfolio/monarchs-hack-the-campus/)

### Tools

* [HTML5UP](//html5up.net)
* [Sublime Text](//github.com/fvcproductions/Sublime)
* [CodeKit](//incident57.com/codekit/)
* [Sketch](//www.sketchapp.com/)
* [Typeform](//typeform.com)

### Tasks

> Completed January 31st

* branding
  * created 4 new banners using Sketch and existing logo (credits to Michelle Graham for the logo)
* the actual website
  * **completely redesigned** from the bottom up to have a nice look and feel based on an HTML5UP template
* registration
  * redesigned and made some minor changes to the configuration for the Typeform used as registration for those interested in attending the hackathon

> I was a volunteer

![Monarchs Hack the Campus 2](https://i.imgur.com/8jb1rPx.jpg)

> I helped design banners

![Monarchs Hack the Campus 4](https://i.imgur.com/mJ7l1lR.png)
![Monarchs Hack the Campus 6](https://i.imgur.com/8HQxmXg.png)
![Monarchs Hack the Campus 1](https://i.imgur.com/f38bLrA.png)
![Monarchs Hack the Campus 7](https://i.imgur.com/28uEW41.png)
![Monarchs Hack the Campus 8](https://i.imgur.com/p0YWjxt.png)

> I helped develop the website

![Monarchs Hack the Campus 3](https://i.imgur.com/jU6Zfpz.png)
![Monarchs Hack the Campus 5](https://i.imgur.com/P1jZQb4.png)

Commit message:

Optimized aliases
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <hello@fvcproductions.com>

site/content/adventures/2016-02-28-monarchs-hack-the-campus.md, after:

---
title: Monarchs Hack the Campus
description: Join us as we build apps, hardware, and community in Silicon Harbor. Yeah, we’ll be hacking for 36 hours straight, but we’ll take a chill pill or two. And whether you’re a seasoned veteran or just getting started, we’ve got your back​ every step of the way.
date: 2016-02-28
banner: https://i.imgur.com/28uEW41.png
aliases:
  - /portfolio/monarchs-hack-the-campus/
  - /home/adventures/hackathons/monarchs-hack-the-campus/
categories:
  - hackathon
  - volunteering
  - portfolio
  - hackathon
  - design
  - web
---

## Name

[Monarchs Hack the Campus](//www.cs.odu.edu/~acm/hackathon/)

## Organizer

Old Dominion University

## Location

Strome Entrepreneurial Center - Old Dominion University - Norfolk, VA

## Date

February 26th to 28th, 2016

## Role

Volunteer

## About

For an upcoming hackathon at ODU dubbed Monarchs Hack the Campus, I acted as a volunteer and helped create the event website as well as help in-person.

For the annual Old Dominion University dubbed Monarchs Hack the Campus, I helped out as volunteer by creating banners and re-designing the website and registration Typeform.

Monarchs Hack the Campus Old Dominion University February 2016 Credits go to Michelle Graham for ODU Cat Graphic

For an upcoming hackathon at [ODU](//odu.edu) dubbed [`Monarchs Hack the Campus`](//www.cs.odu.edu/~acm/hackathon/), I'm acting as a volunteer and am already helping out with some pretty big tasks.

## Project

* Unfortunately, the GitHub repo is private. 💀️
* [Typeform](https://mhtc-spring-2016.typeform.com/to/RXB7sy)
* [Website](https://www.cs.odu.edu/~acm/hackathon/)
* [Old Portfolio Link](https://fvcproductions.com/portfolio/monarchs-hack-the-campus/)

### Tools

* [HTML5UP](//html5up.net)
* [Sublime Text](//github.com/fvcproductions/Sublime)
* [CodeKit](//incident57.com/codekit/)
* [Sketch](//www.sketchapp.com/)
* [Typeform](//typeform.com)

### Tasks

> Completed January 31st

* branding
  * created 4 new banners using Sketch and existing logo (credits to Michelle Graham for the logo)
* the actual website
  * **completely redesigned** from the bottom up to have a nice look and feel based on an HTML5UP template
* registration
  * redesigned and made some minor changes to the configuration for the Typeform used as registration for those interested in attending the hackathon

> I was a volunteer

![Monarchs Hack the Campus 2](https://i.imgur.com/8jb1rPx.jpg)

> I helped design banners

![Monarchs Hack the Campus 4](https://i.imgur.com/mJ7l1lR.png)
![Monarchs Hack the Campus 6](https://i.imgur.com/8HQxmXg.png)
![Monarchs Hack the Campus 1](https://i.imgur.com/f38bLrA.png)
![Monarchs Hack the Campus 7](https://i.imgur.com/28uEW41.png)
![Monarchs Hack the Campus 8](https://i.imgur.com/p0YWjxt.png)

> I helped develop the website

![Monarchs Hack the Campus 3](https://i.imgur.com/jU6Zfpz.png)
![Monarchs Hack the Campus 5](https://i.imgur.com/P1jZQb4.png)
