site/content/adventures/2017-03-05-the-great-migration.md, before:

---
title: The Start of a Wondrous Migration 🦋
date: 2017-03-05
description: I'm starting the process of migrating this blog from Wordpress to Jekyll.
banner: https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2017/03/monarch-butterfly-wallpaper-2.jpg
categories:
    - blog
tags:
    - migration
    - wordpress
    - jekyll
    - personal website
---

## After 4 lovely years using Wordpress, I am officially starting the process of moving from Wordpress to Jekyll. 🦋

Now, I just want to reassure Automattic that I've been loving my Wordpress.com experience. Seriously. I don't worry about maintaining server security or plugins or anything back-end related. I just pick out a cool theme I like and publish all my content. Everything is streamlined and easy to manage.

## _However_, there are a few key issues that have made me want to finally make the big move and they're as follows

* Price
  * Theming: During my 4 years using Wordpress.com, I've tried out tons of free themes but have always ended up using a Premium one. Those cost money of course but so far, I've only bought 2 They were "Venture" ($125) and "tdEditor" ($75), both themes by the same awesome developer Tasko. But yeah, that's $200 bucks... 💸
  * Domain: Even though I'm on the free plan for Wordpress.com, I still pay $18/year for domain registration. So that means I've spent $54 so far for the past 3 years. I'm set to be renewed for July 20th, 2017 which is when I hope to have the migration completed and my domain transferred to a service like Namecheap instead where it'll probably be much cheaper than $18 bucks a year! 😅
  * Overall, $254 for 3 years doesn't seem that bad. But when you think about it, that's like $84 bucks a year and I'd end up paying $1000 long-term if I decide to stick around for another 7 years. Pass... I want to keep my money... 🤑
* Control
  * I want to be able to embed all these awesome things (for example, Behance projects) and I totally could if I self-hosted my Wordpress website but that would involve so much EXTRA. Just EXTRA, you know? Extra money, extra effort, extra learning I'm not interested in (PHP?? Pass...). 😑
  * Commenting is not really well implemented in Wordpress.com. I prefer social logins for commenting platforms. This will be possible to implement using Disqus as my comment provider for my new blog. 👥
  * As a developer, I have the capability to develop my own damn website without paying or relying on someone else to code/design it for me. Plus, I would like to use my own damn design! 🃏
* Scalability
  * I do a ton of shit besides school and work (conferences, hackathons, travels, programs, etc). And generally, I like to blog about it or just share it on my blog to be able to reflect on those adventures later. ✈
  * Unfortunately, the way Wordpress is structured and the way I like to write, it's tedious to create a methodology that will allow me to share as much as I want as fast as possible. I want to be able to share my projects and adventures the instant I finish creating the post and it's hard to do that with Wordpress. 📉
  * I already write all my content using Markdown, Sublime Text 3 and Marked 2. With Jekyll, that content can be shared instantly instead of exported to Wordpress and then fine-tuned. 📝

## So this will probably be one of my last posts on this blog as I transition all the content over. 😶

Feel free to view the progress of my new blog at [fvcproductions.github.io](//fvcproductions.github.io) but I don't expect it to be fully fleshed out until July of this year.🌻

## In the meantime, I am still actively publishing content to the following services so feel free to check them out! 😊

* [Behance](//behance.net/fvcproductions) (design) 🎨
* [GitHub](//github.com/fvcproductions) (code) 💻
* [Scribd](//www.scribd.com/user/194063411/FVCproductions) (docs) 🗒
* [SpeakerDeck](//speakerdeck.com/fvcproductions) (presentations) 💬
* [YouTube](//www.youtube.com/+fvcproductions2013) (videos) 🎥

## Overall, I'm super excited about this process and have been actively working on my new website the entirety of this past week. Here's to new beginnings! 🎉

![The Great Gatsby Toast](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2017/03/source.gif)

> The header image is in reference to that awesome migration Monarch butterflies have every year. 🦋

Commit message:

Optimized aliases
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <hello@fvcproductions.com>

site/content/adventures/2017-03-05-the-great-migration.md, after:

---
title: The Start of a Wondrous Migration 🦋
date: 2017-03-05
description: I'm starting the process of migrating this blog from Wordpress to Jekyll.
banner: https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2017/03/monarch-butterfly-wallpaper-2.jpg
aliases:
  - /2017/03/05/the-start-of-a-wondrous-migration/
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - migration
  - wordpress
  - jekyll
  - personal website
---

## After 4 lovely years using Wordpress, I am officially starting the process of moving from Wordpress to Jekyll. 🦋

Now, I just want to reassure Automattic that I've been loving my Wordpress.com experience. Seriously. I don't worry about maintaining server security or plugins or anything back-end related. I just pick out a cool theme I like and publish all my content. Everything is streamlined and easy to manage.

## _However_, there are a few key issues that have made me want to finally make the big move and they're as follows

* Price
  * Theming: During my 4 years using Wordpress.com, I've tried out tons of free themes but have always ended up using a Premium one. Those cost money of course but so far, I've only bought 2 They were "Venture" ($125) and "tdEditor" ($75), both themes by the same awesome developer Tasko. But yeah, that's $200 bucks... 💸
  * Domain: Even though I'm on the free plan for Wordpress.com, I still pay $18/year for domain registration. So that means I've spent $54 so far for the past 3 years. I'm set to be renewed for July 20th, 2017 which is when I hope to have the migration completed and my domain transferred to a service like Namecheap instead where it'll probably be much cheaper than $18 bucks a year! 😅
  * Overall, $254 for 3 years doesn't seem that bad. But when you think about it, that's like $84 bucks a year and I'd end up paying $1000 long-term if I decide to stick around for another 7 years. Pass... I want to keep my money... 🤑
* Control
  * I want to be able to embed all these awesome things (for example, Behance projects) and I totally could if I self-hosted my Wordpress website but that would involve so much EXTRA. Just EXTRA, you know? Extra money, extra effort, extra learning I'm not interested in (PHP?? Pass...). 😑
  * Commenting is not really well implemented in Wordpress.com. I prefer social logins for commenting platforms. This will be possible to implement using Disqus as my comment provider for my new blog. 👥
  * As a developer, I have the capability to develop my own damn website without paying or relying on someone else to code/design it for me. Plus, I would like to use my own damn design! 🃏
* Scalability
  * I do a ton of shit besides school and work (conferences, hackathons, travels, programs, etc). And generally, I like to blog about it or just share it on my blog to be able to reflect on those adventures later. ✈
  * Unfortunately, the way Wordpress is structured and the way I like to write, it's tedious to create a methodology that will allow me to share as much as I want as fast as possible. I want to be able to share my projects and adventures the instant I finish creating the post and it's hard to do that with Wordpress. 📉
  * I already write all my content using Markdown, Sublime Text 3 and Marked 2. With Jekyll, that content can be shared instantly instead of exported to Wordpress and then fine-tuned. 📝

## So this will probably be one of my last posts on this blog as I transition all the content over. 😶

Feel free to view the progress of my new blog at [fvcproductions.github.io](//fvcproductions.github.io) but I don't expect it to be fully fleshed out until July of this year.🌻

## In the meantime, I am still actively publishing content to the following services so feel free to check them out! 😊

* [Behance](//behance.net/fvcproductions) (design) 🎨
* [GitHub](//github.com/fvcproductions) (code) 💻
* [Scribd](//www.scribd.com/user/194063411/FVCproductions) (docs) 🗒
* [SpeakerDeck](//speakerdeck.com/fvcproductions) (presentations) 💬
* [YouTube](//www.youtube.com/+fvcproductions2013) (videos) 🎥

## Overall, I'm super excited about this process and have been actively working on my new website the entirety of this past week. Here's to new beginnings! 🎉

![The Great Gatsby Toast](//fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2017/03/source.gif)

> The header image is in reference to that awesome migration Monarch butterflies have every year. 🦋
