---
title: Women Who Code Hackathon
date: 2017-10-21
description: Women Who Code (WWCode) is an international nonprofit dedicated to inspiring women to excel in technology careers.
banner: https://i.imgur.com/meoqKtF.jpg
caption: My lovely hackathon team!
categories:
  - hackathon
  - award
  - portfolio
  - oss
---

## Name

[Women Who Code Silicon Valley Hackathon 2017](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/women-who-code-silicon-valley-hackathon-2017-tickets-37983282019#)

## Location

Paypal Town Hall - San Jose, CA

## Date

October 21st - 8:30 AM to 8:30 PM

## Role

Participant, Honorable Mention

## About

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://www.eventbrite.com/e/women-who-code-silicon-valley-hackathon-2017-tickets-37983282019#">Women Who Code Silicon Valley Hackathon 2017</a></h4><p>Join Women Who Code - Silicon Valley and "Hack for Social Justice" on Saturday, October 21, 2017. You must register on Eventbrite. The event is free and beginner friendly. All are welcome, women, men (bring a woman coder/designer/student along!). Coders still in college are encouraged to attend. Must be 18 years or older.</p></blockquote>
<script async src="//cdn.embedly.com/widgets/platform.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>

The theme for this hackathon was "Social Justice" so the way our team approached it was by contributing to OSS projects that benefitted women in tech or organizations that promoted learning how to code.

Our team didn't get in the top three but the judges did give us an honorable mention for trying the non-traditional approach and contributing to open-source during the hackathon which I felt would have a more lasting impact.

We started out with 6 people but by the end, only 3 of us stayed through till the end. 😅️

My lovely team consisted of Rebecca Chen, Ayuna Vogel, Katharina Roesler and Punita Karani - thank you for all your help!

## Presentation

At the core of social justice is the notion of equality of opportunity.

Through the use of F/OSS, tech literacy can be promoted among groups that might not otherwise have access to the tools necessary to build such literacy.

By contributing to open-source projects, we are not only helping promote social justice but also aiding to bridging the digital divide by lowering financial and intellectual property barriers to resources and knowledge.

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vQbviHmDRcZ3eX1mw585warAYuKhhpHjJ1Leg789e-mZA4Dr7mT16HNazYXgoncW1G51qThaNbLfY1L/pub?slide=id.g35f391192_00">Promoting Social Justice Through F/OSS</a></h4><p>Promoting Social Justice through F/OSS Women Who Code 2017 Hey everyone! I'm Frances and our project is focused on promoting social justice through F/OSS. For context, F/OSS stands for free open source software which can be found on sites like GitHub, GitLab, or Bitbucket. It means the software i...</p></blockquote>

## GitHub Repo

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://github.com/fvcproductions/social-justice-foss">fvcproductions/social-justice-foss</a></h4><p>social-justice-foss - Promoting social justice by contributing to F/OSS - Women Who Code Hackathon - October 2017 🚺 ✌️</p></blockquote>
