_speaking/2015-11-14-hr-devfest.md, before:

---
title: "HR DevFest"
date: 2015-11-14
excerpt: "My first speaking event at a tech conference!"
header:
    image: https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/issuetrak-conference-00831.jpg
---

## Name

<a title="HR (Hampton Roads) DevFest" href="https://hrdevfest.org" target="_blank" rel="noopener">HR (Hampton Roads) DevFest</a>

## Organizer

RevolutionVA

## Location

Issuetrak - Norfolk, VA

## Date

November 14th, 2015

## Role

Scholarship Recipient, Speaker (Web Design for Developers)

## About

Hampton Roads DevFest is a technology conference focused on giving software engineers in the region exposure to new innovations and best practices.

[display-posts id="3385" image_size="large" include_date="true" include_excerpt="true" wrapper="div"]

[gallery type="rectangular" size="full" ids="3730,3734,3733,3732,3727,3728,3726" orderby="rand"]

https://speakerdeck.com/fvcproductions/hrdevfest-web-design

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEJyRuQF4Ww

https://twitter.com/lisadenoia/status/665604693549170688

https://twitter.com/aag1091/status/665554097798426624

https://twitter.com/erikpmp/status/665554118182703105

Commit message:

Formatting more content
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <hello@fvcproductions.com>

_speaking/2015-11-14-hr-devfest.md, after:

---
title: "HR DevFest"
date: 2015-11-14
excerpt: "My first speaking event at a tech conference!"
header:
    image: https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/issuetrak-conference-00831.jpg
gallery:
  - url: https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/issuetrak-conference-00831.jpg
    alt: HR DevFest 2015
---

## Name

<a title="HR (Hampton Roads) DevFest" href="https://hrdevfest.org" target="_blank" rel="noopener">HR (Hampton Roads) DevFest</a>

## Organizer

RevolutionVA

## Location

Issuetrak - Norfolk, VA

## Date

November 14th, 2015

## Role

Scholarship Recipient, Speaker - Web Design for Developers

## About

Hampton Roads DevFest is a technology conference focused on giving software engineers in the region exposure to new innovations and best practices.

### Presentation

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://twitter.com/fvcproductions/status/662647429737615360">Frances Coronel on Twitter</a></h4><p>I'll speaking at @HRDevFest on web design this Saturday - should be a blast! #webdesign #hrdevfest</p></blockquote>

TODO: https://speakerdeck.com/fvcproductions/hrdevfest-web-design

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEJyRuQF4Ww">HR DevFest | Web Design Talk</a></h4><p>For references, please refer to: https://speakerdeck.com/fvcproductions/hrdevfest-web-design FVCproductions No copyright intended.</p></blockquote>

### Feedback

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://twitter.com/lisadenoia/status/665604693549170688">Lisa on Twitter</a></h4><p>@fvcproductions I really enjoyed your session at @hrdevfest this morning! Well done! #hrdevfest</p></blockquote>

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://twitter.com/aag1091/status/665554097798426624">Avinash Gosavi on Twitter</a></h4><p>@fvcproductions That was a pretty awesome talk.</p></blockquote>

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://twitter.com/erikpmp/status/665554118182703105">Erik Olson on Twitter</a></h4><p>Thanks @fvcproductions for letting me know about the upcoming documentary DESIGN DISRUPTORS! https://t.co/a3QvMSqkWy #hrdevfest</p></blockquote>

TODO: Add more pictures to gallery

{% include gallery %}
