content/podcast/_index.md, before:

---
title: Tech Queens
description: "Stories and advice shared by women of color in tech. 👑🎙️"
display: Podcast
hideUpcomingText: true
image: "/assets/img/podcast/tech-queens-banner.jpg"
layout: "podcast"
navbar: true
noComments: true
noTimeEstimate: true
customPage: true
podcastEmail: true
url: /tech-queens/
aliases:
  - /podcast-series/
  - /podcast/
  - /tech-queens/the-host/
  - /youtube-series/
---

## Tech Queens is first and only podcast that focuses solely on the stories and advice shared by women of color in tech. 🎙️👑

Season 1 is going to end strong with 10 episodes with Season 2 ramping up again in spring 2020.

Twitter 🐦 https://twitter.com/TechQueensPod

Instagram 📸 https://instagram.com/TechQueensPod

Facebook 💬 https://facebook.com/TechQueensPod

Website 🌐 https://techqueenspod.com

`#TechQueens`

### 💬 Why did I start this podcast?

So after listening to a lot of tech podcasts and not hearing enough people like me talking, I decided to just start my own instead of complaining about it!

Introducing Tech Queens, the first and only podcast I know of that will solely focus on the stories and advice shared by women of color in tech. **#TechQueens**

The very first episode was released March 8th for International Women's Day so it's still very much in its early stages which is why I am currently looking for interviewees that are working in the tech industry.

### 💛 Who is this podcast for?

In 2015, women made up 25 percent of computing-related occupations.

As [Figure 1.1](https://www.ncwit.org/sites/default/files/resources/womenintech_facts_fullreport_05132016.pdf) (page 8 in the report) below indicates, levels of participation are even more concerning when it comes to women of color.

This stat is just one part of the reason this podcast will exclusively serve to highlight thriving women of color in tech and inspire or encourage others to enter the industry and thrive themselves so they too can leverage their unique skills and perspectives for technological innovation and social change in the workplace of the future.

![Percentage of Computing Occupations Held By Women](/assets/img/podcast/tech-queens-stats.png)

Commit message:

updating content; looking for new host!
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <hello@fvcproductions.com>

content/podcast/_index.md, after:

---
title: Tech Queens
description: "Stories and advice shared by women of color in tech. 👑🎙️"
display: Podcast
hideUpcomingText: true
image: "/assets/img/podcast/tech-queens-banner.jpg"
layout: "podcast"
navbar: true
noComments: true
noTimeEstimate: true
customPage: true
podcastEmail: true
url: /tech-queens/
aliases:
  - /podcast-series/
  - /podcast/
  - /tech-queens/the-host/
  - /youtube-series/
---

## Tech Queens is first and only podcast that focuses solely on the stories and advice shared by women of color in tech. 🎙️👑

> Update: 11/03/19

Season 1 of Tech Queens is going to end strong with **15 episodes**.

There have been **10 episodes released so far** with 5 more on the way:

- Elena Astilleros
- Jamie Renee Williams
- Christina Ou
- Marciana Davis
- Alexis Lucio

Season 2 will be ramping up again in 2020 with a new host.

I'm [looking for the new host](/2019/10/20/looking-for-the-next-host-of-tech-queens/) now — let me know if you're interested!

---

Twitter 🐦 https://twitter.com/TechQueensPod

Instagram 📸 https://instagram.com/TechQueensPod

Facebook 💬 https://facebook.com/TechQueensPod

Website 🌐 https://techqueenspod.com

`#TechQueens`

### 💬 Why did I start this podcast?

So after listening to a lot of tech podcasts and not hearing enough people like me talking, I decided to just start my own instead of complaining about it!

Introducing Tech Queens, the first and only podcast I know of that will solely focus on the stories and advice shared by women of color in tech. **#TechQueens**

The very first episode was released March 8th for International Women's Day so it's still very much in its early stages which is why I am currently looking for interviewees that are working in the tech industry.

### 💛 Who is this podcast for?

In 2015, women made up 25 percent of computing-related occupations.

As [Figure 1.1](https://www.ncwit.org/sites/default/files/resources/womenintech_facts_fullreport_05132016.pdf) (page 8 in the report) below indicates, levels of participation are even more concerning when it comes to women of color.

This stat is just one part of the reason this podcast will exclusively serve to highlight thriving women of color in tech and inspire or encourage others to enter the industry and thrive themselves so they too can leverage their unique skills and perspectives for technological innovation and social change in the workplace of the future.

![Percentage of Computing Occupations Held By Women](/assets/img/podcast/tech-queens-stats.png)
