content/about.md, before:

---
title: About
description: I like to dabble with things that ought to be dabbled with. 🍫🍓
image: https://i.imgur.com/NWXkplC.jpg
hideImage: true
navbar: true
noComments: true
noTimeEstimate: true
url: /about/
aliases:
  - /home/about/
  - /about-me/
  - /bio/
  - /bios/
  - /biography/
---

## Blurb

I like to dabble with things that ~~shouldn't~~ ought to be dabbled with.

Well, at least... that's my slogan.

My "life motto", if you will.

Might have something to do with human nature in general, though, so interpret it as you will.

- Front End Engineer at Slack HQ in SF with a focus on UI design & development 🖌️🔧️
- Latina (2nd gen. Peruvian-American) 🇵🇪️ who gets a lot of personal satisfaction out of inspiring underserved groups within the tech industry 😊
- Passionate mentor, freelancer & speaker 💬️

## Bio

Frances Coronel is a software engineer specializing in UI development on the Customer Acquisition Team at Slack.

She has been working professionally as a developer since 2015 and has both a Bachelors and Masters in Computer Science.

Her passions outside of work include contributing to open-source, public speaking and mentoring other URMs in tech.

## Headshot

![Headshot](https://i.imgur.com/NWXkplC.jpg "Frances Coronel - Headshot")

> Photo taken for [TechHire Oakland](https://www.techhireoakland.org/training/)
>
> Photo taken by [Adrian Walker](https://www.adrianowalker.com/)

<!-- ## Life Timeline

| Date           | Event                                                                  |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 1995 October   | Born in Newport News, VA to Peruvian immigrants                        |
| 1998 September | Started Pre-K                                                          |
| 2001 September | Started elementary school                                              |
| 2006 January   | Got my first dog, Nefer                                                |
| 2006 September | Started middle school                                                  |
| 2009 September | Started high school                                                    |
| 2010 June      | First college class at Tidewater Community College                     |
| 2011 June      | Took summer college classes at Hampton University                      |
| 2011 August    | First international conference                                         |
| 2012 Summer    | Volunteered for an international medical mission                       |
| 2012 Summer    | Studied wildlife in Tanzania                                           |
| 2013 June      | Graduated from high school                                             |
| 2013 June      | Started fvcproductions.com                                             |
| 2013 June      | Took summer college classes again at Tidewater Community College       |
| 2013 August    | Studied abroad at Jacobs University Bremen                             |
| 2014 January   | Started at Hampton University                                          |
| 2014 August    | First tech conference                                                  |
| 2014 October   | First hackathon                                                        |
| 2015 June      | Summer of Code at Fullstack Academy                                    |
| 2015 October   | First client dev project completed                                     |
| 2015 November  | First developer job with 80/20                                         |
| 2015 November  | First talk at a tech conference                                        |
| 2016 May       | Graduated from Hampton University with a Bachelors in Computer Science |
| 2016 May       | Started dating Nolan                                                   |
| 2016 Summer    | Interned for Accenture on AR/VR team                                   |
| 2016 August    | Started at Cornell Tech                                                |
| 2017 May       | Graduated from Cornell Tech with a Masters in Computer Science         |
| 2017 June      | Started at Accenture                                                   |
| 2018 June      | Started at Slack                                                       |
| 2018 August    | Nolan moves in                                                         |
| 2018 November  | Now an admin for Techqueria                                            |
| 2021 January   | Nefer probably dead                                                    |
| 2095 October   | Probably dead                                                          |

> This life timeline was inspired by [Chris Coyier's](https://chriscoyier.net/timeline/) because I thought it looked neat. -->

## Random Fun Facts

My logo is a chocolate dipped strawberry.

No particular reason why, I just think they're yummy. 🍫🍓

[![Logo](/assets/img/teaser.png)](/2017/08/19/fvcproductions---logo-redesign-/ "FVCproductions Logo Redesign")

I am a BIG dog person and spoil/pamper my black lab Nefertiti (named after the Egyptian queen) a crap ton.

![Nefy](https://i.imgur.com/cwXno9D.jpg)

Commit message:

optimizations rip
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <hello@fvcproductions.com>

content/about.md, after:

---
title: About
description: I like to dabble with things that ought to be dabbled with. 🍫🍓
image: https://i.imgur.com/NWXkplC.jpg
hideImage: true
navbar: true
noComments: true
noTimeEstimate: true
url: /about/
aliases:
  - /home/about/
  - /about-me/
  - /bio/
  - /bios/
  - /biography/
---

Hi, I'm Frances!

I'm a Latina (Peruvian-American) who engineers solutions to make your working life more simple, more pleasant and more productive.

Or better yet, I'm a [unicorn](<https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Unicorn_(finance)>) (1% of women in tech identify as Latina) who is working for another unicorn ([Slack](https://slack.com?source=fvcproductions)). 🦄

## Blurb

I like to dabble with things that ~~shouldn't~~ ought to be dabbled with.

Well, at least... that's my slogan.

My "life motto", if you will.

Might have something to do with human nature in general, though, so interpret it as you will.

- Front End Engineer at Slack HQ in SF with a focus on UI design & development 🖌️🔧️
- Latina (2nd gen. Peruvian-American) 🇵🇪️ who gets a lot of personal satisfaction out of inspiring underserved groups within the tech industry 😊
- Passionate mentor, freelancer & speaker 💬️

## Bio

Frances Coronel is a software engineer specializing in UI development on the Customer Acquisition Team at Slack.

She has been working professionally as a developer since 2015 and has both a Bachelors and Masters in Computer Science.

Her passions outside of work include contributing to open-source, public speaking and mentoring other URMs in tech.

## Headshot

![Headshot](https://i.imgur.com/NWXkplC.jpg "Frances Coronel - Headshot")

> Photo taken for [TechHire Oakland](https://www.techhireoakland.org/training/) by [Adrian Walker](https://www.adrianowalker.com/)

<!-- ## Life Timeline

| Date           | Event                                                                  |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 1995 October   | Born in Newport News, VA to Peruvian immigrants                        |
| 1998 September | Started Pre-K                                                          |
| 2001 September | Started elementary school                                              |
| 2006 January   | Got my first dog, Nefer                                                |
| 2006 September | Started middle school                                                  |
| 2009 September | Started high school                                                    |
| 2010 June      | First college class at Tidewater Community College                     |
| 2011 June      | Took summer college classes at Hampton University                      |
| 2011 August    | First international conference                                         |
| 2012 Summer    | Volunteered for an international medical mission                       |
| 2012 Summer    | Studied wildlife in Tanzania                                           |
| 2013 June      | Graduated from high school                                             |
| 2013 June      | Started fvcproductions.com                                             |
| 2013 June      | Took summer college classes again at Tidewater Community College       |
| 2013 August    | Studied abroad at Jacobs University Bremen                             |
| 2014 January   | Started at Hampton University                                          |
| 2014 August    | First tech conference                                                  |
| 2014 October   | First hackathon                                                        |
| 2015 June      | Summer of Code at Fullstack Academy                                    |
| 2015 October   | First client dev project completed                                     |
| 2015 November  | First developer job with 80/20                                         |
| 2015 November  | First talk at a tech conference                                        |
| 2016 May       | Graduated from Hampton University with a Bachelors in Computer Science |
| 2016 May       | Started dating Nolan                                                   |
| 2016 Summer    | Interned for Accenture on AR/VR team                                   |
| 2016 August    | Started at Cornell Tech                                                |
| 2017 May       | Graduated from Cornell Tech with a Masters in Computer Science         |
| 2017 June      | Started at Accenture                                                   |
| 2018 June      | Started at Slack                                                       |
| 2018 August    | Nolan moves in                                                         |
| 2018 November  | Now an admin for Techqueria                                            |
| 2021 January   | Nefer probably dead                                                    |
| 2095 October   | Probably dead                                                          |

> This life timeline was inspired by [Chris Coyier's](https://chriscoyier.net/timeline/) because I thought it looked neat. -->

## Random Fun Facts

My logo is a chocolate dipped strawberry.

No particular reason why, I just think they're yummy. 🍫🍓

[![Logo](/assets/img/teaser.png)](/2017/08/19/fvcproductions---logo-redesign-/ "FVCproductions Logo Redesign")

I am a BIG dog person and spoil/pamper my black lab Nefertiti (named after the Egyptian queen) a crap ton.

![Nefy](https://i.imgur.com/cwXno9D.jpg)
