content/podcast.md, before:

---
title: Tech Queens 👑
description: "Stories and advice shared by women of color in tech. 🎙️"
display: Podcast
toc: true
hideUpcomingText: true
image: "/assets/img/podcast/tech-queens-banner.png"
layout: "podcast"
navbar: true
noComments: true
noTimeEstimate: true
url: /tech-queens/
aliases:
  - /podcast/
  - /youtube-series/
  - /podcast-series/
---

## Why start this podcast?

So after starting to listen to more tech podcasts, I realized a disappointing trend - most of the hosts were white guys. Overwhelmingly so.

But instead of deciding to complain about the lack of good tech podcasts with POC hosts, I instead decided to start my own.

Introducing **Tech Queens**, the first and only podcast I know of that will solely focus on the stories and advice shared by women of color in tech.

`#TechQueens`

## Who is this podcast for?

In 2015, women made up 25 percent of computing-related occupations.

As Figure 1.1 indicates, levels of participation are even more concerning when it comes to women of color ([NCWIT - Bureau of Labor, 2016](https://www.ncwit.org/sites/default/files/resources/womenintech_facts_fullreport_05132016.pdf)).

![Percentage of Computing Occupations Held By Women](https://i.imgur.com/JAKHDxB.jpg)

The stat above is just one part of the reason this podcast will exclusively serve to highlight thriving women of color in tech and inspire or encourage others to enter the industry and thrive themselves so they too can leverage their unique skills and perspectives for technological innovation and social change in the workplace of the future.

## Who is the host?

Hi, I'm Frances!

I'm a Latina (Peruvian-American) who engineers solutions to make your working life more simple, more pleasant and more productive.

Or better yet, I'm a [unicorn](<https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Unicorn_(finance)>) (1% of women in tech identify as Latina) who is working for another unicorn ([Slack](https://slack.com?source=fvcproductions)). 🦄 You can find more deets on my [about page](/about).

## When will the episodes be published?

I plan on releasing an episode at least once every month or more often, depending on my bandwidth at the time.

## Where will the episodes be published?

You will be find all the episodes at [https://techqueenspod.com](https://techqueenspod.com) which redirects to this page at [https://www.fvcproductions.com/tech-queens](https://www.fvcproductions.com/tech-queens).

Recordings will be distributed through Anchor at [https://anchor.fm/tech-queens](https://anchor.fm/tech-queens) and then shared on these platforms:

- Apple Podcasts
- Breaker
- Castbox
- Google Podcasts
- Overcast
- Pocket Casts
- RadioPublic
- Spotify
- Stitcher

## How will the episodes be formatted?

The format for each 1 hour session will look something like this:

- What's your story?
- As a minority women in tech, what challenges or obstacles have you faced within the tech industry?
- What groups, strategies or tools have you used to overcome those obstacles?
- If you were a white man in tech, what do you think would be easier for you to deal with (if anything)?
- If you could give any advice to your younger self as you were starting out, what would it be?
- What do you think can be done to create a safer space for us?

> Mini Takeaways

- What is a useful app or platform that has helped you grow in your career? `#AppAdvice`
- What does the term XYZ mean to you and how has it impacted your career? `#LearnThatTerm`
- What is an organization or affinity group that you would recommend joining? `#Friendlies`
- Where do you live online or how can people reach out to you? `#GrowYourNetwork`

## Want to be on the podcast?

<form name="podcast" method="POST" data-netlify="true">
  <input type="hidden" name="_subject" value="FVCproductions - TechQueens Podcast Request">
  <div class="field">
    <label class="label">Name</label>
    <div class="control has-icons-left">
      <input class="input" aria-label="Name" autocomplete="on" type="text" name="name" placeholder="Your full name" required>
      <span class="icon is-left">
        ✒️
      </span>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="field">
    <label class="label">Email</label>
    <div class="control has-icons-left">
      <input class="input" aria-label="Email" autocomplete="on" type="email" name="email" placeholder="Your email" required>
      <span class="icon is-left">
        ✉️
      </span>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="field">
    <label class="label">LinkedIn</label>
    <div class="control has-icons-left">
      <input class="input" aria-label="LinkedIn" autocomplete="on" type="url" name="linkedin" placeholder="Your LinkedIn profile URL" required>
      <span class="icon is-left">
        💼️
      </span>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="field">
    <label class="label">Other online profiles (Twitter, Instagram, website, etc)</label>
    <div class="control has-icons-left">
      <textarea class="textarea" aria-label="Other Online Profiles" rows="2" name="other-online-profiles" placeholder="URLs of any other online profiles you have" required></textarea>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="field">
    <label class="label">What is a question you would like to be asked in the session?</label>
    <div class="control">
      <textarea class="textarea" aria-label="What is a question you would like to be asked in the session?" spellcheck="true" rows="1" name="session-question" required></textarea>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="field">
    <label class="label">Anything else you'd like to add?</label>
    <div class="control">
      <textarea class="textarea" aria-label="Anything else you'd like to add?" spellcheck="true" rows="1" name="anything-else"></textarea>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div data-netlify-recaptcha="true"></div>
  <div class="field mt-sm">
    <div class="control">
      <button type="submit" class="button is-link">Send message</button>
    </div>
  </div>
</form>

## What were the resources used?

The avatar images were created using [avataaars generator](https://getavataaars.com/).

The design assets can be downloaded using [this Figma link](https://www.figma.com/file/Z30EMLDDQe0cTyOOcgzdAFZ4/Tech-Queens).

Music by Jukedeck - create your own at [jukedeck.com](https://jukedeck.com).

Commit message:

more info on tech queens
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <hello@fvcproductions.com>

content/podcast.md, after:

---
title: Tech Queens 👑
description: "Stories and advice shared by women of color in tech. 🎙️"
display: Podcast
toc: true
hideUpcomingText: true
image: "/assets/img/podcast/tech-queens-banner.png"
layout: "podcast"
navbar: true
noComments: true
noTimeEstimate: true
url: /tech-queens/
aliases:
  - /podcast/
  - /youtube-series/
  - /podcast-series/
---

## Why start this podcast?

So after starting to listen to more tech podcasts, I realized a disappointing trend - most of the hosts were white guys. Overwhelmingly so.

But instead of deciding to complain about the lack of good tech podcasts with POC hosts, I instead decided to start my own.

Introducing **Tech Queens**, the first and only podcast I know of that will solely focus on the stories and advice shared by women of color in tech.

`#TechQueens`

## Who is this podcast for?

In 2015, women made up 25 percent of computing-related occupations.

As Figure 1.1 indicates, levels of participation are even more concerning when it comes to women of color ([NCWIT - Bureau of Labor, 2016](https://www.ncwit.org/sites/default/files/resources/womenintech_facts_fullreport_05132016.pdf)).

![Percentage of Computing Occupations Held By Women](https://i.imgur.com/JAKHDxB.jpg)

The stat above is just one part of the reason this podcast will exclusively serve to highlight thriving women of color in tech and inspire or encourage others to enter the industry and thrive themselves so they too can leverage their unique skills and perspectives for technological innovation and social change in the workplace of the future.

## Who is the host?

Hi, I'm Frances!

I'm a Latina (Peruvian-American) who engineers solutions to make your working life more simple, more pleasant and more productive.

Or better yet, I'm a [unicorn](<https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Unicorn_(finance)>) (1% of women in tech identify as Latina) who is working for another unicorn ([Slack](https://slack.com?source=fvcproductions)). 🦄 You can find more deets on my [about page](/about).

## When will the episodes be published?

I plan on releasing an episode at least once every month or more often, depending on my bandwidth at the time.

## Where will the episodes be published?

Recordings will be distributed through Anchor at [https://anchor.fm/tech-queens](https://anchor.fm/tech-queens) and then shared on these platforms (still a WIP):

- Apple Podcasts
- Breaker
- Castbox
- Google Podcasts
- Overcast
- Pocket Casts
- RadioPublic
- Spotify
- Stitcher

The Twitter handle is [`@TechQueensPod`](https://twitter.com/TechQueensPod) and the hashtag is `#TechQueens`.

You can find all the episodes at [https://techqueenspod.com](https://techqueenspod.com) which redirects to this page at [https://www.fvcproductions.com/tech-queens](https://www.fvcproductions.com/tech-queens).

## How will the episodes be formatted?

The format for each 1 hour session will look something like this:

- What's your story?
- As a minority women in tech, what challenges or obstacles have you faced within the tech industry?
- What groups, strategies or tools have you used to overcome those obstacles?
- If you were a white man in tech, what do you think would be easier for you to deal with (if anything)?
- If you could give any advice to your younger self as you were starting out, what would it be?
- What do you think can be done to create a safer space for us?

> Mini Takeaways

- What is a useful app or platform that has helped you grow in your career? `#AppAdvice`
- What does the term XYZ mean to you and how has it impacted your career? `#LearnThatTerm`
- What is an organization or affinity group that you would recommend joining? `#Friendlies`
- Where do you live online or how can people reach out to you? `#GrowYourNetwork`

## Want to be on the podcast?

> You can find all the relevant info that I share with interviewees on Google Docs using [https://goo.gl/xNFaKb](https://goo.gl/xNFaKb).

<form name="podcast" method="POST" data-netlify="true">
  <input type="hidden" name="_subject" value="FVCproductions - TechQueens Podcast Request">
  <div class="field">
    <label class="label">Name</label>
    <div class="control has-icons-left">
      <input class="input" aria-label="Name" autocomplete="on" type="text" name="name" placeholder="Your full name" required>
      <span class="icon is-left">
        ✒️
      </span>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="field">
    <label class="label">Email</label>
    <div class="control has-icons-left">
      <input class="input" aria-label="Email" autocomplete="on" type="email" name="email" placeholder="Your email" required>
      <span class="icon is-left">
        ✉️
      </span>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="field">
    <label class="label">LinkedIn</label>
    <div class="control has-icons-left">
      <input class="input" aria-label="LinkedIn" autocomplete="on" type="url" name="linkedin" placeholder="Your LinkedIn profile URL" required>
      <span class="icon is-left">
        💼️
      </span>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="field">
    <label class="label">Other online profiles (Twitter, Instagram, website, etc)</label>
    <div class="control has-icons-left">
      <textarea class="textarea" aria-label="Other Online Profiles" rows="2" name="other-online-profiles" placeholder="URLs of any other online profiles you have" required></textarea>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="field">
    <label class="label">What is a question you would like to be asked in the session?</label>
    <div class="control">
      <textarea class="textarea" aria-label="What is a question you would like to be asked in the session?" spellcheck="true" rows="1" name="session-question" required></textarea>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="field">
    <label class="label">Anything else you'd like to add?</label>
    <div class="control">
      <textarea class="textarea" aria-label="Anything else you'd like to add?" spellcheck="true" rows="1" name="anything-else"></textarea>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div data-netlify-recaptcha="true"></div>
  <div class="field mt-sm">
    <div class="control">
      <button type="submit" class="button is-link">Send message</button>
    </div>
  </div>
</form>

## What were the resources used?

The avatar images were created using [avataaars generator](https://getavataaars.com/).

The design assets can be downloaded using [this Figma link](https://www.figma.com/file/Z30EMLDDQe0cTyOOcgzdAFZ4/Tech-Queens).

Music by Jukedeck - create your own at [jukedeck.com](https://jukedeck.com).
