_conferences/2015-04-17-vsgc.md, before:

---
title: "VSGC 2015"
excerpt: "VSGC Student Research Conference"
date: 2015-04-17
header:
  image: https://i1.wp.com/fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/17247649195_4b1578d460_b.jpg
gallery:
    - alt: "VSGC 2015"
      url: https://i1.wp.com/fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/17247649195_4b1578d460_b.jpg
---

## Name

<a title="VSGC Student Research Conference" href="https://www.vsgc.odu.edu/src/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">VSGC Student Research Conference</a>

## Organizer

Virginia Space Grant Consortium

## Location

NASA Langley Research Center - Hampton, Virginia

## Date

April 17th, 2015

## Role

STEM Bridge Scholarship Recipient

## About

As part of the STEM Bridge program, scholarship recipients are required to attend an annual research conference at the Langley Research Center in Hampton, VA.

Unfortunately, the only picture they took of me was one of my back.

{% include gallery %}

I wrote <a href="https://huacm.wordpress.com/2015/04/23/vsgc-student-research-conference-2015/" title="ACM@HU" target="_blank" rel="noopener">a blog post</a> on the ACM@HU website about this conference.

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://huacm.wordpress.com/2015/04/23/vsgc-student-research-conference-2015/">VSGC Student Research Conference 2015 💼</a></h4><p>The Virginia Space Grant Consortium is a NASA-sponsored consortium of Virginia universities, NASA Centers, State agencies and other organizations with a strong interest in engineering, science and technology education, workforce development and research. The 2015 VSGC Student Research Conference and Luncheon was held Friday, April 17 at NASA Langley Research Center.</p></blockquote>

Commit message:

I broke some things but now they're not broken?
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <fvcproductions@gmail.com>

_conferences/2015-04-17-vsgc.md, after:

---
title: "VSGC 2015"
excerpt: "VSGC Student Research Conference"
date: 2015-04-17
header:
  image: //i1.wp.com/fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/17247649195_4b1578d460_b.jpg
gallery:
    - alt: "VSGC 2015"
      url: //i1.wp.com/fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/17247649195_4b1578d460_b.jpg
---

## Name

<a title="VSGC Student Research Conference" href="//www.vsgc.odu.edu/src/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">VSGC Student Research Conference</a>

## Organizer

Virginia Space Grant Consortium

## Location

NASA Langley Research Center - Hampton, Virginia

## Date

April 17th, 2015

## Role

STEM Bridge Scholarship Recipient

## About

As part of the STEM Bridge program, scholarship recipients are required to attend an annual research conference at the Langley Research Center in Hampton, VA.

Unfortunately, the only picture they took of me was one of my back.

{% include gallery %}

I wrote <a href="//huacm.wordpress.com/2015/04/23/vsgc-student-research-conference-2015/" title="ACM@HU" target="_blank" rel="noopener">a blog post</a> on the ACM@HU website about this conference.

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="//huacm.wordpress.com/2015/04/23/vsgc-student-research-conference-2015/">VSGC Student Research Conference 2015 💼</a></h4><p>The Virginia Space Grant Consortium is a NASA-sponsored consortium of Virginia universities, NASA Centers, State agencies and other organizations with a strong interest in engineering, science and technology education, workforce development and research. The 2015 VSGC Student Research Conference and Luncheon was held Friday, April 17 at NASA Langley Research Center.</p></blockquote>
