---
title: "TAPIA 2016"
excerpt: "ACM Richard Tapia Celebration of Diversity in Computing"
date: 2016-09-16
header:
  image: https://i2.wp.com/fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/img_0164.jpg
  teaser: https://i2.wp.com/fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/img_0164.jpg
---

# ACM Richard Tapia Celebration of Diversity in Computing
## Tapia Scholar Recipient
### Austin Renaissance Hotel - Austin, Texas
#### `Sept 14th to Sept 16th, 2016`

<p class="intro">The goal of the Tapia Conferences is to bring together undergraduate and graduate students, faculty, researchers, and professionals in computing from all backgrounds and ethnicities.</p>

It was my second time attending this year and got so much of it. Luckily, I was able to win a scholarship funded by the TAPIA organization and get up to $500 reimbursement. 37.7% of scholarship applicants won a scholarship.

My roommate was also a Master's student and was studying computer science at NC State. She and I attended parts of the conference together and had a lot of fun.

Last year, I focused on attending a lot of sessions. This year, I focused on the career fair.

I made sure to visit every booth in the career fair and because of this, I got entered into a raffle and won an Amazon Echo.

I also got invited by the following companies to interview during the conference or afterwards:

- Dropbox
- Facebook
- Capital One
- Northrup Grumman
- BNY Mellon
- Microsoft
- JP Morgan Chase

Other companies just wanted me to visit their booth after reviewing my resume since they weren't offering interviews at the conference. And other companies invited me to different events during the conference, like Asana & a16z for a breakfast.

https://twitter.com/SonjaOttley/status/776506790724841472

Although I didn't follow through on all these interview offers, I did get a better idea of where my career interests lie for the future. I aim to focus more on roles that are design oriented and not just purely development sided. I enjoy creating friendly software experiences and that's what I want to keep doing right now.

Because I attended Dropbox's event, I was entered into a raffle and won Bose Wireless Headphones.

Needless to say, this year was friggin' amazing.

**Will be adding pictures taken by official conference photographer once they become available**

##### Links

- *Twitter* <a href="http://twitter.com/@Tapia_con" target="_blank">`@Tapia_con`</a>
- *Website* <a href="http://tapiaconference.org" target="_blank">`tapiaconference.org`</a>

[gallery type="rectangular" size="full" ids="3801,3795" orderby="rand"]