_education/2013-06-13-mhs.md, before:

---
title: "Maury High School"
excerpt: "Graduated with advanced degree from Maury High School."
date: 2013-06-13
header:
  image: https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/201048_3688026930399_442436614_o.jpg
gallery:
    - alt: "Maury High School"
      url: https://i1.wp.com/fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/201048_3688026930399_442436614_o.jpg?w=746&h=499&crop&ssl=1&zoom=2
    - alt: "Maury High School"
      url: https://i2.wp.com/fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/img_0849.jpg?w=246&h=184&crop&ssl=1&zoom=2
    - alt: "Maury High School"
      url: https://i0.wp.com/fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/img_0847.jpg?w=246&h=184&crop&ssl=1&zoom=2
    - alt: "Maury High School"
      url: https://i2.wp.com/fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/img_0848.jpg?w=496&h=372&crop&ssl=1&zoom=2
---

> Institution

<a title="Maury High School" href="https://schools.nps.k12.va.us/mhs/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Maury High School</a>

## Location

Norfolk, VA

## Date

September 8, 2009 to June 14, 2013

> Program

- Advanced Diploma - High School
- Medical Health & Specialty Program
    - Dropped out before junior year because it wasn't what I wanted anymore in the long run

## About

Matthew Fontaine Maury High School also known as Maury High School, one of five city comprehensive high schools, is a high school located in the Ghent area of Norfolk, Virginia, United States.

### Activities

- Operation Smile
- Model UN

## Awards

- Innovation Award
- Early College Scholar
- Board of Ed. Excellence in Civic Education
- Governor's Seal

### Courses

- Advanced Degree
- Ranked top 10% of class with `4.53` GPA
- Took 10 AP classes
- Transcript can be found [here](https://www.scribd.com/document/353206754/High-School-Transcript)

{% include gallery %}

Commit message:

Lots of formatting changes
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <hello@fvcproductions.com>

_education/2013-06-13-mhs.md, after:

---
title: "Maury High School"
excerpt: "Graduated with advanced degree from Maury High School."
date: 2013-06-13
header:
  image: https://fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/201048_3688026930399_442436614_o.jpg
gallery:
    - alt: "Maury High School"
      url: https://i1.wp.com/fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/201048_3688026930399_442436614_o.jpg?w=746&h=499&crop&ssl=1&zoom=2
    - alt: "Maury High School"
      url: https://i2.wp.com/fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/img_0849.jpg?w=246&h=184&crop&ssl=1&zoom=2
    - alt: "Maury High School"
      url: https://i0.wp.com/fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/img_0847.jpg?w=246&h=184&crop&ssl=1&zoom=2
    - alt: "Maury High School"
      url: https://i2.wp.com/fvcproductions.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/img_0848.jpg?w=496&h=372&crop&ssl=1&zoom=2
---

## Institution

<a title="Maury High School" href="https://schools.nps.k12.va.us/mhs/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Maury High School</a>

## Location

Norfolk, VA

## Date

September 8, 2009 to June 14, 2013

## Program

- Advanced Diploma - High School
- Medical Health & Specialty Program
  - Dropped out before junior year because it wasn't what I wanted anymore in the long run

## About

Matthew Fontaine Maury High School also known as Maury High School, one of five city comprehensive high schools, is a high school located in the Ghent area of Norfolk, Virginia, United States.

### Activities

- Operation Smile
- Model UN

### Awards

- Innovation Award
- Early College Scholar
- Board of Ed. Excellence in Civic Education
- Governor's Seal

### Courses

- Advanced Degree
- Ranked top 10% of class with `4.53` GPA
- Took 10 AP classes

### Transcript

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://www.scribd.com/document/353206754/high-school-transcript">High School Transcript</a></h4><p>FVCproductions Check me out at fvcproductions.com Where we upload for YOUR viewing pleasure, And are looking forward to future endeavor. Enjoy and spread the joy. Copyright FVCproductions 2016 Don't forget to like and/or comment! :)</p></blockquote>

{% include gallery %}
