site/content/contact.md, before:

---
title: Contact 📨️
description: Getting in touch.
banner: https://i.imgur.com/0n5zqiA.jpg
hideBanner: true
contact: true
noComments: true
noTimeEstimate: true
aliases:
  - /contact/
  - /getting-in-touch/
  - /get-in-touch/
  - /about/contact/
  - /contact/donate/
  - /donate/
---

## Ask Me Anything 🤔️

Just have a general question? Maybe you found a typo?

Feel free to [submit a new issue](//github.com/fvcproductions/ama/issues/new) through my AMA GitHub repo.

## LinkedIn 💼️

If you'd like to stay in touch professionally, don't hesistate to [connect with me on LinkedIn](//linkedin.com/in/fvcproductions).

## Book a Chat 📅

If you'd like to set up a phone or video chat, you can use my [Calendly](//calendly.com/fvcproductions) to book a time with me.

### Mentoring Sessions 💛️

Because of high demand, as of March 2018, I will be charging $30 per hour for mentoring since I am already working part-time as a [Thinkful mentor](//www.thinkful.com/mentors/) and also have a full-time job.

So before booking a mentoring session through Calendly, please make sure to [Cash](//cash.me/$fvcprdxs) or [Venmo](//venmo.com/fvcproductions) me the appropriate amount.

> If you are a Black or Latinx female and you are currently a software engineer or aspire to be one, you can book a session with me for free.
>
> If you are a part of the [Out of Office Hours](//www.outofofficehours.com/) program, you can also book a session for free.

## Contact Form 📼

If none of the above options seemed appropriate for you, feel free to go old school and use this nifty contact form!

Please note that depending on the contact reason, it may take longer for me to get back to you.

<section class="contact-form">
  <form method="POST" action="https://formspree.io/hello@fvcproductions.com">
    <div class="field half first">
      <input autocomplete="on" type="text" name="name" placeholder="Your name">
    </div>
    <div class="field half">
      <input autocomplete="on" type="email" name="email" placeholder="Your email">
    </div>
    <div class="field">
      <textarea spellcheck="true" rows="5" name="message" id="message" placeholder="Your message"></textarea>
    </div>
    <ul class="actions">
      <li>
        <input type="submit" value="Send message" class="button big">
      </li>
    </ul>
    <input type="hidden" name="_subject" value="FVCproductions - New Contact Message" />
  </form>
</section>

Commit message:

Update mentoring, create temp pages
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <hello@fvcproductions.com>

site/content/contact.md, after:

---
title: Contact 📨️
description: Getting in touch.
banner: https://i.imgur.com/0n5zqiA.jpg
hideBanner: true
contact: true
noComments: true
noTimeEstimate: true
aliases:
  - /contact/
  - /getting-in-touch/
  - /get-in-touch/
  - /about/contact/
  - /contact/donate/
  - /donate/
---

## Ask Me Anything 🤔️

Just have a general question? Maybe you found a typo?

Feel free to [submit a new issue](//github.com/fvcproductions/ama/issues/new) through my AMA GitHub repo.

## LinkedIn 💼️

If you'd like to stay in touch professionally, don't hesistate to [connect with me on LinkedIn](//linkedin.com/in/fvcproductions).

## Book a Chat 📅

If you'd like to set up a phone or video chat, you can use my [Calendly](//calendly.com/fvcproductions) to book a time with me.

### Mentoring Sessions 💛️

Because of high demand, as of March 2018, I will be charging $30 per hour for mentoring since I am already working part-time as a [Thinkful mentor](//www.thinkful.com/mentors/) and also have a full-time job.

So before booking a mentoring session through Calendly, please make sure to [Cash](//cash.me/$fvcprdxs) or [Venmo](//venmo.com/fvcproductions) me the appropriate amount.

If you are a black female or Latina in the tech industry, you can book a mentoring session with me for free.

## Contact Form 📼

If none of the above options seemed appropriate for you, feel free to go old school and use this nifty contact form!

Please note that depending on the contact reason, it may take longer for me to get back to you.

<section class="contact-form">
  <form method="POST" action="https://formspree.io/hello@fvcproductions.com">
    <div class="field half first">
      <input autocomplete="on" type="text" name="name" placeholder="Your name">
    </div>
    <div class="field half">
      <input autocomplete="on" type="email" name="email" placeholder="Your email">
    </div>
    <div class="field">
      <textarea spellcheck="true" rows="5" name="message" id="message" placeholder="Your message"></textarea>
    </div>
    <ul class="actions">
      <li>
        <input type="submit" value="Send message" class="button big">
      </li>
    </ul>
    <input type="hidden" name="_subject" value="FVCproductions - New Contact Message" />
  </form>
</section>
