site/content/freelancing.md, before:

---
title: Freelancing 💎️
description: What you can hire me for.
banner: https://i.imgur.com/8o2Nhyo.jpg
aliases:
  - /services/freelancing/
  - /freelancing/
  - /home/services/
  - /home/services/freelancing/
---

## I work with clients of all backgrounds on both product design & development.

> I also freelance write every now and then.

### Provisions

Whatever your needs are related to web design & development or blog writing, I will work with you every step of the way to ensure you get the best quality output.

To get a better idea of what I have to offer, feel free to look through a [few samples from my blog](/blog), [portfolio](/portfolio), and [feedback](/services/reviews) given from folks I've worked with in the past.

### Process

1.  You contact me through my website with some details about what your needs are.
2.  I will [set up a time to meet](//calendly.com/fvcproductions) so we can discuss the project further as well as pricing.
3.  A contract will be set up [through Bonsai](//www.hellobonsai.com) and iteration starts. This will involve you receiving consistent updates on the project and an overview of the hours I've worked through [Toggl](//toggl.com/) and [Trello](//trello.com).
4.  Once you're happy with the final changes and payments are finalized [via PayPal](//paypal.me/fvcproductions) or your method of choice, the project is complete!
5.  If you'd like to at this point, you can also add a testimonial by [reaching out to me](/contact).

### Pricing

#### Web Design or Development

I charge a minimum of $50/hour when it comes to web design or development but this price gets lower if the process only involves branding & identity.

I charged my last development client $300 for a static website.

I charged my last design client $150 for branding.

#### Freelance Writing

In terms of freelance writing, I charge 7 cents per word and a minimum of $10/hour.

I charged my last writing client $200 for 2000+ words.

#### Mentoring

I do charge to mentor others unless I feel it's appropriate to be generous.

Through my Fullstack Academy ambassador position, I received $500 to mentor an incoming Grace Hopper student for 6 hours.

---

## As a developer with a design background, I take pride in having work that is both aesthetically pleasing and technically challenging.

You can find [the feedback I've received](/feedback) thus far on my website!

![Designer/Developer](https://i.imgur.com/hD3rQiK.jpg)

Commit message:

Please work! 🙏
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <hello@fvcproductions.com>

site/content/freelancing.md, after:

---
title: Freelancing 💎️
description: What you can hire me for.
banner: https://i.imgur.com/8o2Nhyo.jpg
aliases:
  - /services/freelancing/
  - /freelancing/
  - /home/services/
  - /home/services/freelancing/
---

## I work with clients of all backgrounds on both product design & development.

> I also freelance write every now and then.

### Provisions

Whatever your needs are related to web design & development or blog writing, I will work with you every step of the way to ensure you get the best quality output.

To get a better idea of what I have to offer, feel free to look through a [few samples from my blog](/blog), [portfolio](/portfolio), and [feedback](/services/reviews) given from folks I've worked with in the past.

### Process

1.  You contact me through my website with some details about what your needs are.
2.  I will [set up a time to meet](https://calendly.com/fvcproductions) so we can discuss the project further as well as pricing.
3.  A contract will be set up [through Bonsai](https://www.hellobonsai.com) and iteration starts. This will involve you receiving consistent updates on the project and an overview of the hours I've worked through [Toggl](https://toggl.com/) and [Trello](https://trello.com).
4.  Once you're happy with the final changes and payments are finalized [via PayPal](https://paypal.me/fvcproductions) or your method of choice, the project is complete!
5.  If you'd like to at this point, you can also add a testimonial by [reaching out to me](/contact).

### Pricing

Please refer to the pricing table on [my contact page](/contact) for more info.

### Previous Clients

#### Development

I charged my last development client $300 for a static website.

#### Design

I charged my last design client $150 for branding work.

#### Writing

I charged my last writing client $200 for 2000+ words.

#### Mentoring

Through my Fullstack Academy ambassador position, I received $500 to mentor an incoming Grace Hopper student for 6 hours.

---

## As a developer with a design background, I take pride in having work that is both aesthetically pleasing and technically challenging.

You can find [the feedback I've received](/feedback) thus far on my website!

![Designer/Developer](https://i.imgur.com/hD3rQiK.jpg)
