site/content/mentoring.md, before:

---
title: Mentoring 📚
description: Mentoring is a brain to pick, an ear to listen, and a push in the right direction.
banner: https://i.imgur.com/BqiFTqF.jpg
noComments: true
noNavbar: true
url: /mentoring/
aliases:
  - /services/mentoring/
  - /mentoring-sessions/
  - /home/services/mentoring/
---

## I enjoy mentoring folks through non-profit organizations trying to enact change in the tech industry.

> As of **August 2018**, I am slowly losing track of all the mentoring activity I've been up to, however, my [Linkedin profile](https://linkedin.com/in/fvcproductions) is the most up to date.
>
> As of **June 2018**, I’ve dedicated **over 55 hours** of my free time mentoring awesome people 1-on-1 which you can see on the [mentoring sessions](#mentoring-sessions) section below ⏰
>
> As of **February 2018**, I've [started mentoring part-time](/2018/02/20/thinkful/) for Thinkful's web development bootcamp and getting paid to do so. 😊

Generally speaking, I enjoy mentoring on how to prepare for coding bootcamps but I have teachable experience in web development, web design, and all sorts of nifty dev, design, or productivity tools.

So far, I’ve helped out folks who have successfully gone on to coding bootcamps like [Fullstack Academy](https://fullstackacademy.com), [Hack Reactor](https://hackreactor.com), and [MakerSquare](https://makersquare.com).

I’ve also tutored kids at the elementary, middle, and high school level on how to get started in the tech field.

You can find [the feedback I've received](/feedback/) thus far on my website!

> If you’re interested in being mentored, feel free to check out my [mentoring page](/mentoring/). 📚
>
> Or you can [contact me](/contact/). 📩️

## Mentoring Sessions

- Total # of Sessions: 68
- Total Hours: 55.48

<!-- Use https://www.miniwebtool.com/sum-calculator/ -->

| Why                                              | Who                      | Method      | Hours | Date                            |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------ | ----------- | ----- | ------------------------------- |
| Out of Office Hours                              | Joydeep Gill             | Online Call | 0.75  | May 22, 2018                    |
| Out of Office Hours                              | Alex Rivadeneira         | Phone Call  | 0.58  | May 21, 2018                    |
| Out of Office Hours                              | Valeria Oshiro           | Phone Chat  | 0.50  | May 1, 2018                     |
| Thinkful (16 sessions)                           | Melhjingoy David         | Video Chat  | 21.00 | March 2, 2018 to April 23, 2018 |
| Out of Office Hours                              | Angela Jackson           | Phone Chat  | 1.00  | March 9, 2018                   |
| Job Search Advice                                | Adilene Constante        | Video Chat  | 1.00  | February 16, 2018               |
| Getting most out of Fullstack Academy experience | Adil Minocherhomjee      | Phone Chat  | 0.50  | January 24, 2018                |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Kelaiya Parikah          | Video Chat  | 2.00  | May 31, 2017                    |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Kelaiya Parikah          | Video Chat  | 0.50  | May 23, 2017                    |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Theerut Foongkiatcharoen | Email       | 1.00  | March 21, 2017                  |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Rosa                     | LinkedIn    | 0.50  | March 17, 2017                  |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Elva Cabrera             | Email       | 0.50  | March 8, 2017                   |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Kelaiya Parikh           | Email       | 1.00  | March 7, 2017                   |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Isabella Bannerman       | Subway      | 0.25  | March 1, 2017                   |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Isabella Bannerman       | Email       | 0.50  | March 1, 2017                   |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Theresa Smallwood        | Phone Chat  | 0.33  | February 10, 2017               |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Theresa Smallwood        | Quora       | 0.17  | February 8, 2017                |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Kelaiya Parikh           | Phone Chat  | 1.00  | January 21, 2017                |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Kelaiya Parikh           | LinkedIn    | 0.50  | January 18, 2017                |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Eunji Song               | Email       | 0.50  | December 30, 2016               |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Eunji Song               | Video Chat  | 1.00  | December 30, 2016               |
| Cornell Tech Housing                             | Maximilian Hofer         | LinkedIn    | 0.25  | December 28, 2016               |
| Cornell Tech Interview Advice                    | Maximilian Hofer         | LinkedIn    | 0.50  | October 28, 2016                |
| Internships after Fullstack Academy              | Samuel Lam               | Phone Chat  | 0.25  | August 26, 2016                 |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Pak Chu                  | Email       | 0.25  | June 20, 2016                   |
| Interviewing for MakerSquare                     | Josh Ho                  | Email       | 0.08  | June 10, 2016                   |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Wen Tran                 | Email       | 0.08  | June 8, 2016                    |
| Preparing for Grace Hopper                       | Lavie Ruan               | Video Chat  | 1.30  | June 5, 2016                    |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Pak Chu                  | Video Chat  | 1.37  | June 5, 2016                    |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Wen Tran                 | Email       | 0.08  | June 5, 2016                    |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Wen Tran                 | Video Chat  | 1.92  | June 3, 2016                    |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Wen Tran                 | Email       | 0.17  | May 31, 2016                    |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Pak Chu                  | Video Chat  | 1.00  | May 16, 2016                    |
| Preparing for Grace Hopper                       | Lavie Ruan               | Video Chat  | 1.00  | May 7, 2016                     |
| Preparing for Grace Hopper                       | Lavie Ruan               | Video Chat  | 1.00  | April 24, 2016                  |
| Preparing for Grace Hopper                       | Lavie Ruan               | Video Chat  | 1.00  | April 23, 2016                  |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Pak Chu                  | Video Chat  | 1.00  | April 20, 2016                  |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Pak Chu                  | Video Chat  | 1.00  | April 17, 2016                  |
| Preparing for Grace Hopper                       | Lavie Ruan               | Video Chat  | 1.00  | April 17, 2016                  |
| Preparing for Grace Hopper                       | Lavie Ruan               | Video Chat  | 1.00  | April 14, 2016                  |
| Fullstack Academy resources                      | Rafael Riera             | Video Chat  | 1.00  | April 13, 2016                  |
| Preparing for Grace Hopper                       | Lavie Ruan               | Video Chat  | 1.00  | April 7, 2016                   |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Pak Chu                  | Video Chat  | 1.00  | April 3, 2016                   |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Pak Chu                  | Video Chat  | 1.00  | March 29, 2016                  |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Pak Chu                  | Video Chat  | 0.50  | March 28, 2016                  |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Pak Chu                  | Email       | 0.08  | March 27, 2016                  |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Pak Chu                  | Email       | 0.08  | March 25, 2016                  |
| Preparing for Fullstack Academy                  | Rafael Riera             | Video Chat  | 0.50  | February 10, 2016               |
| Preparing for Fullstack Academy                  | Steven Shen              | Email       | 0.08  | February 5, 2016                |
| Preparing for Fullstack Academy                  | Steven Shen              | Email       | 0.08  | February 3, 2016                |
| Preparing for Hack Reactor                       | Mike Jonas               | Email       | 0.08  | November 5, 2015                |
| Fullstack Academy                                | Ronnie Brown             | LinkedIn    | 0.50  | March 11, 2015                  |
| Fullstack Academy                                | Thomas Tram              | Email       | 0.25  | January 2, 2015                 |

Commit message:

my navbar is fun
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <hello@fvcproductions.com>

site/content/mentoring.md, after:

---
title: Mentoring 📚
description: Mentoring is a brain to pick, an ear to listen, and a push in the right direction.
banner: https://i.imgur.com/BqiFTqF.jpg
noComment: true
url: /mentoring/
aliases:
  - /services/mentoring/
  - /mentoring-sessions/
  - /home/services/mentoring/
---

## I enjoy mentoring folks through non-profit organizations trying to enact change in the tech industry.

> As of **August 2018**, I am slowly losing track of all the mentoring activity I've been up to, however, my [Linkedin profile](https://linkedin.com/in/fvcproductions) is the most up to date.
>
> As of **June 2018**, I’ve dedicated **over 55 hours** of my free time mentoring awesome people 1-on-1 which you can see on the [mentoring sessions](#mentoring-sessions) section below ⏰
>
> As of **February 2018**, I've [started mentoring part-time](/2018/02/20/thinkful/) for Thinkful's web development bootcamp and getting paid to do so. 😊

Generally speaking, I enjoy mentoring on how to prepare for coding bootcamps but I have teachable experience in web development, web design, and all sorts of nifty dev, design, or productivity tools.

So far, I’ve helped out folks who have successfully gone on to coding bootcamps like [Fullstack Academy](https://fullstackacademy.com), [Hack Reactor](https://hackreactor.com), and [MakerSquare](https://makersquare.com).

I’ve also tutored kids at the elementary, middle, and high school level on how to get started in the tech field.

You can find [the feedback I've received](/feedback/ "Feedback") thus far on my website!

> If you’re interested in being mentored, feel free to check out my [mentoring page](/mentoring/ "Mentoring"). 📚
>
> Or you can [contact me](/contact/ "Contact Me"). 📩️

## Mentoring Sessions

- Total # of Sessions: 68
- Total Hours: 55.48

<!-- Use https://www.miniwebtool.com/sum-calculator/ -->

| Why                                              | Who                      | Method      | Hours | Date                            |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------ | ----------- | ----- | ------------------------------- |
| Interview on Design & Development                | Kanad Bahalkar           | In-Person   | .50   | August 20th, 2018               |
| Out of Office Hours                              | Joydeep Gill             | Online Call | 0.75  | May 22, 2018                    |
| Out of Office Hours                              | Alex Rivadeneira         | Phone Call  | 0.58  | May 21, 2018                    |
| Out of Office Hours                              | Valeria Oshiro           | Phone Chat  | 0.50  | May 1, 2018                     |
| Thinkful (16 sessions)                           | Melhjingoy David         | Video Chat  | 21.00 | March 2, 2018 to April 23, 2018 |
| Out of Office Hours                              | Angela Jackson           | Phone Chat  | 1.00  | March 9, 2018                   |
| Job Search Advice                                | Adilene Constante        | Video Chat  | 1.00  | February 16, 2018               |
| Getting most out of Fullstack Academy experience | Adil Minocherhomjee      | Phone Chat  | 0.50  | January 24, 2018                |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Kelaiya Parikah          | Video Chat  | 2.00  | May 31, 2017                    |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Kelaiya Parikah          | Video Chat  | 0.50  | May 23, 2017                    |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Theerut Foongkiatcharoen | Email       | 1.00  | March 21, 2017                  |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Rosa                     | LinkedIn    | 0.50  | March 17, 2017                  |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Elva Cabrera             | Email       | 0.50  | March 8, 2017                   |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Kelaiya Parikh           | Email       | 1.00  | March 7, 2017                   |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Isabella Bannerman       | Subway      | 0.25  | March 1, 2017                   |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Isabella Bannerman       | Email       | 0.50  | March 1, 2017                   |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Theresa Smallwood        | Phone Chat  | 0.33  | February 10, 2017               |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Theresa Smallwood        | Quora       | 0.17  | February 8, 2017                |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Kelaiya Parikh           | Phone Chat  | 1.00  | January 21, 2017                |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Kelaiya Parikh           | LinkedIn    | 0.50  | January 18, 2017                |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Eunji Song               | Email       | 0.50  | December 30, 2016               |
| Fullstack Academy Ambassador                     | Eunji Song               | Video Chat  | 1.00  | December 30, 2016               |
| Cornell Tech Housing                             | Maximilian Hofer         | LinkedIn    | 0.25  | December 28, 2016               |
| Cornell Tech Interview Advice                    | Maximilian Hofer         | LinkedIn    | 0.50  | October 28, 2016                |
| Internships after Fullstack Academy              | Samuel Lam               | Phone Chat  | 0.25  | August 26, 2016                 |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Pak Chu                  | Email       | 0.25  | June 20, 2016                   |
| Interviewing for MakerSquare                     | Josh Ho                  | Email       | 0.08  | June 10, 2016                   |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Wen Tran                 | Email       | 0.08  | June 8, 2016                    |
| Preparing for Grace Hopper                       | Lavie Ruan               | Video Chat  | 1.30  | June 5, 2016                    |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Pak Chu                  | Video Chat  | 1.37  | June 5, 2016                    |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Wen Tran                 | Email       | 0.08  | June 5, 2016                    |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Wen Tran                 | Video Chat  | 1.92  | June 3, 2016                    |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Wen Tran                 | Email       | 0.17  | May 31, 2016                    |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Pak Chu                  | Video Chat  | 1.00  | May 16, 2016                    |
| Preparing for Grace Hopper                       | Lavie Ruan               | Video Chat  | 1.00  | May 7, 2016                     |
| Preparing for Grace Hopper                       | Lavie Ruan               | Video Chat  | 1.00  | April 24, 2016                  |
| Preparing for Grace Hopper                       | Lavie Ruan               | Video Chat  | 1.00  | April 23, 2016                  |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Pak Chu                  | Video Chat  | 1.00  | April 20, 2016                  |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Pak Chu                  | Video Chat  | 1.00  | April 17, 2016                  |
| Preparing for Grace Hopper                       | Lavie Ruan               | Video Chat  | 1.00  | April 17, 2016                  |
| Preparing for Grace Hopper                       | Lavie Ruan               | Video Chat  | 1.00  | April 14, 2016                  |
| Fullstack Academy resources                      | Rafael Riera             | Video Chat  | 1.00  | April 13, 2016                  |
| Preparing for Grace Hopper                       | Lavie Ruan               | Video Chat  | 1.00  | April 7, 2016                   |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Pak Chu                  | Video Chat  | 1.00  | April 3, 2016                   |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Pak Chu                  | Video Chat  | 1.00  | March 29, 2016                  |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Pak Chu                  | Video Chat  | 0.50  | March 28, 2016                  |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Pak Chu                  | Email       | 0.08  | March 27, 2016                  |
| Preparing for MakerSquare                        | Pak Chu                  | Email       | 0.08  | March 25, 2016                  |
| Preparing for Fullstack Academy                  | Rafael Riera             | Video Chat  | 0.50  | February 10, 2016               |
| Preparing for Fullstack Academy                  | Steven Shen              | Email       | 0.08  | February 5, 2016                |
| Preparing for Fullstack Academy                  | Steven Shen              | Email       | 0.08  | February 3, 2016                |
| Preparing for Hack Reactor                       | Mike Jonas               | Email       | 0.08  | November 5, 2015                |
| Fullstack Academy                                | Ronnie Brown             | LinkedIn    | 0.50  | March 11, 2015                  |
| Fullstack Academy                                | Thomas Tram              | Email       | 0.25  | January 2, 2015                 |
