site/content/resume.md, before:

---
title: Resume 📄️
description: A 1-page summary of my professional journey.
banner: https://i.imgur.com/vEg8KOi.jpg
noComments: true
---

## For a live version of my resume, please refer to [my LinkedIn profile](//linkedin.com/in/fvcproductions).

> And feel free to connect with me on there as well! 👥️

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/fvcproductions">Frances Coronel | LinkedIn</a></h4><p>View Frances Coronel's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Frances has 7 jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on LinkedIn and discover Frances' connections and jobs at similar companies.</p></blockquote>

### But here's the hard copy of my resume for reference.

> Last updated October 2017

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://www.scribd.com/document/324348340/Resume-FVCproductions">Resume | FVCproductions</a></h4><p>Resume | FVCproductions - Free download as PDF File (.pdf), Text File (.txt) or read online for free. For a live version of my resume, please refer to my LinkedIn at linkedin.com/in/fvcproductions.</p></blockquote>

### Want to see an overview of my open-source contributions?

> Check out my GitHub profile!

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="http://github.com/fvcproductions">fvcproductions (Frances Coronel)</a></h4><p>fvcproductions has 100 repositories available. Follow their code on GitHub.</p></blockquote>

<script async src="//cdn.embedly.com/widgets/platform.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>

Commit message:

More refinements
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <hello@fvcproductions.com>

site/content/resume.md, after:

---
title: Resume 📄️
description: A 1-page summary of my professional journey.
banner: https://i.imgur.com/vEg8KOi.jpg
noComments: true
---

## For a live version of my resume, please refer to [my LinkedIn profile](//linkedin.com/in/fvcproductions).

> And feel free to connect with me on there as well! 👥️

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/fvcproductions">Frances Coronel | LinkedIn</a></h4><p>View Frances Coronel's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Frances has 7 jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on LinkedIn and discover Frances' connections and jobs at similar companies.</p></blockquote>

### But here's the hard copy of my resume for reference.

> Last updated October 2017

I know what you're thinking - wow, Frances - how did you get your resume to look so neat? Well, I used a ltitle something I like to call [Creddle.io](//resume.creddle.io/review/870o0jjlt23) - you should check it out. It's pretty nifty and I'm never going back to manually formatting my resume again.

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://www.scribd.com/document/324348340/Resume-FVCproductions">Resume | FVCproductions</a></h4><p>Resume | FVCproductions - Free download as PDF File (.pdf), Text File (.txt) or read online for free. For a live version of my resume, please refer to my LinkedIn at linkedin.com/in/fvcproductions.</p></blockquote>

### Want to see an overview of my open-source contributions?

> Check out my GitHub profile!

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="http://github.com/fvcproductions">fvcproductions (Frances Coronel)</a></h4><p>fvcproductions has 100 repositories available. Follow their code on GitHub.</p></blockquote>

<script async src="//cdn.embedly.com/widgets/platform.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>
