content/posts/2018-04-24-techqueria.md, before:

---
title: Techqueria
description: Board Member, Open Source Lead, Slack Workspace Owner & Admin 🌮
date: 2018-04-24
currentPosition: true
image: https://i.imgur.com/VMrVGbe.png
link: https://techqueria.org
aliases:
  - /2018/09/20/techquerias-new-website-launched/
  - /2018/04/24/techqueria/
  - /2018/04/24/techqueria.org/
  - /techqueria/
  - /techqueria.org/
categories:
  - portfolio
  - volunteering
  - experience
tags:
  - open source
  - latinx in tech
---

Techqueria is a nonprofit representing the largest community for Latinx in Tech.

## March 27th, 2019

Officially voted in as a a board member - the 9th one! Hurray! 🎉

## February 18th, 2019

Techqueria granted 1Password open source team membership: https://twitter.com/fvcproductions/status/1097586696789602304

## January 24th, 2019 - ERG Leads Meeting #2

Handshake - San Francisco, CA

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/latinx-erg-leads-unite-session-2-tickets-55064121269

## October 30th, 2018 - ERG Leads Meeting #1

Organized through [Techqueria](https://techqueria.org?source=fvcproductions), ERG leads are now going to start coming together!

`#erg-leads-unite`

Patreon - San Francisco, CA

## November 27, 2018 - Side Hustle

<blockquote class="embedly-card" data-card-controls="0"><h4><a href="https://www.slideshare.net/FVCproductions/side-hustle-techqueriaorg">Side Hustle: Techqueria.org</a></h4><p>Presentation about my side hustle - Techqueria.org - for a conference that I did not end up speaking at.</p></blockquote>
<script async src="//cdn.embedly.com/widgets/platform.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>

## October 17, 2018 - Testimonial - Phillip Ventura - Software Engineer

It's been great to work with Frances on the Techqueria.org site. It has become a much more collaborative open-source project with her leadership. I appreciate how she has made the project accessible to both the maintainers and new contributors. She is a great team member and I enjoy maintaining the project with her.

## October 12, 2018 - Testimonial - David Silva Ossa - Founder at Techqueria - Señor Developer at Slingshot Health

I've worked with Frances on techqueria, she's leading our website project. We develop the website as an open source project, and she's doing a great job at coordinating the contributions from all the members, developing a roadmap, creating issues, releases, code reviews; all in a very professional manner and with amazing results. It has been a very pleasant experience working together

## September 20th, 2018 - New Website Launched

> After a couple of months, I was finally able to launch a new version of Techqueria's website! 🌮

Techqueria is one of the largest Latinx in tech organizations in the US, with a presence in the Bay Area, LA, and NYC.

I helped revamp their entire website using Hugo which can be currently found at https://techqueria.org.

After a couple of months, I was finally able to launch a new version of Techqueria's website! 🎉

![Techqueria.org - About Section](https://i.imgur.com/BFKbzGO.png)

<blockquote class="embedly-card" data-card-controls="0"><h4><a href="https://github.com/techqueria/website">techqueria/website</a></h4><p>New website for the techqueria community</p></blockquote>
<script async src="//cdn.embedly.com/widgets/platform.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>

<blockquote class="embedly-card" data-card-controls="0"><h4><a href="https://techqueria.org/">Techqueria</a></h4><p>We're a community of Latinx professionals in the tech industry. 🌮️</p></blockquote>
<script async src="//cdn.embedly.com/widgets/platform.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>

### Slack Announcement

![Techqueria.org - Slack Announcement](https://i.imgur.com/KTAC8cF.jpg)

### Screenshots

#### Home Page

![Techqueria.org](https://i.imgur.com/tQybo3m.png)

#### About

![Techqueria.org - About](https://i.imgur.com/MMU7dOy.png)

#### Communities

![Techqueria.org - Communities](https://i.imgur.com/QJR6HjS.png)

#### Events

![Techqueria.org - Events](https://i.imgur.com/0SzGfEg.png)

#### Sponsors

![Techqueria.org - Sponsors](https://i.imgur.com/KIyBhV3.png)

#### Contact

![Techqueria.org - Contact](https://i.imgur.com/CB9Mb0O.png)

#### Slack

![Techqueria.org - Slack](https://i.imgur.com/sxC8sqA.png)

#### Mobile View

![Techqueria.org - Mobile View](https://i.imgur.com/Waxo31s.png)

## April 24, 2018

Spent a whole weekend revamping the existing website of Techqueria using a custom Hugo boilerplate I created called Hugoma.

Still in the process of being integrated into main website at https://techqueria.org - currently at https://beta.techqueria.org.

Helped spearhead creation of `#website` channel in Techqueria's Slack for more collaborative development of the new website.

Source code can be found at https://github.com/techqueria/website.

<blockquote class="embedly-card" data-card-controls="0"><h4><a href="https://github.com/techqueria/website">techqueria/website</a></h4><p>New website for the techqueria community</p></blockquote>
<script async src="//cdn.embedly.com/widgets/platform.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>

## August 29, 2017

Joined the Techqueria Slack Workspace

[![Techqueria Slack Workspace](https://i.imgur.com/xGKYNnB.png)](https://latinos.slack.com/archives/C0L45RV3Q/p1504037258000428)

---

## Feedback

07/01/19

Hi Frances! I just wanted to reach out and give you a big thank you for all that you do for this community. I’m so excited to see Techqueria start to reach its potential, and feel empowered to see a badass chica (YOU) take the lead on so many great initiatives. I do my fair share of volunteering with other remote/tech/slack groups, and I know it is A LOT of work. Nevertheless, you are a frontrunner for all of this greatness, so thank you! - Sal Ramirez

Commit message:

july 22
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <hello@fvcproductions.com>

content/posts/2018-04-24-techqueria.md, after:

---
title: Techqueria
description: Board Member, Open Source Lead, Slack Workspace Owner & Admin 🌮
date: 2018-04-24
currentPosition: true
image: https://i.imgur.com/VMrVGbe.png
link: https://techqueria.org
aliases:
  - /2018/09/20/techquerias-new-website-launched/
  - /2018/04/24/techqueria/
  - /2018/04/24/techqueria.org/
  - /techqueria/
  - /techqueria.org/
categories:
  - portfolio
  - volunteering
  - experience
tags:
  - open source
  - latinx in tech
---

Techqueria is a nonprofit representing the largest community for Latinx in Tech.

## July 22nd, 2019

Officially voted in as an executive director of technology! 💻

## March 27th, 2019

Officially voted in as a a board member - the 9th one! Hurray! 🎉

## February 18th, 2019

Techqueria granted 1Password open source team membership: https://twitter.com/fvcproductions/status/1097586696789602304

## January 24th, 2019 - ERG Leads Meeting #2

Handshake - San Francisco, CA

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/latinx-erg-leads-unite-session-2-tickets-55064121269

## October 30th, 2018 - ERG Leads Meeting #1

Organized through [Techqueria](https://techqueria.org?source=fvcproductions), ERG leads are now going to start coming together!

`#erg-leads-unite`

Patreon - San Francisco, CA

## November 27, 2018 - Side Hustle

<blockquote class="embedly-card" data-card-controls="0"><h4><a href="https://www.slideshare.net/FVCproductions/side-hustle-techqueriaorg">Side Hustle: Techqueria.org</a></h4><p>Presentation about my side hustle - Techqueria.org - for a conference that I did not end up speaking at.</p></blockquote>
<script async src="//cdn.embedly.com/widgets/platform.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>

## October 17, 2018 - Testimonial - Phillip Ventura - Software Engineer

It's been great to work with Frances on the Techqueria.org site. It has become a much more collaborative open-source project with her leadership. I appreciate how she has made the project accessible to both the maintainers and new contributors. She is a great team member and I enjoy maintaining the project with her.

## October 12, 2018 - Testimonial - David Silva Ossa - Founder at Techqueria - Señor Developer at Slingshot Health

I've worked with Frances on techqueria, she's leading our website project. We develop the website as an open source project, and she's doing a great job at coordinating the contributions from all the members, developing a roadmap, creating issues, releases, code reviews; all in a very professional manner and with amazing results. It has been a very pleasant experience working together

## September 20th, 2018 - New Website Launched

> After a couple of months, I was finally able to launch a new version of Techqueria's website! 🌮

Techqueria is one of the largest Latinx in tech organizations in the US, with a presence in the Bay Area, LA, and NYC.

I helped revamp their entire website using Hugo which can be currently found at https://techqueria.org.

After a couple of months, I was finally able to launch a new version of Techqueria's website! 🎉

![Techqueria.org - About Section](https://i.imgur.com/BFKbzGO.png)

<blockquote class="embedly-card" data-card-controls="0"><h4><a href="https://github.com/techqueria/website">techqueria/website</a></h4><p>New website for the techqueria community</p></blockquote>
<script async src="//cdn.embedly.com/widgets/platform.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>

<blockquote class="embedly-card" data-card-controls="0"><h4><a href="https://techqueria.org/">Techqueria</a></h4><p>We're a community of Latinx professionals in the tech industry. 🌮️</p></blockquote>
<script async src="//cdn.embedly.com/widgets/platform.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>

### Slack Announcement

![Techqueria.org - Slack Announcement](https://i.imgur.com/KTAC8cF.jpg)

### Screenshots

#### Home Page

![Techqueria.org](https://i.imgur.com/tQybo3m.png)

#### About

![Techqueria.org - About](https://i.imgur.com/MMU7dOy.png)

#### Communities

![Techqueria.org - Communities](https://i.imgur.com/QJR6HjS.png)

#### Events

![Techqueria.org - Events](https://i.imgur.com/0SzGfEg.png)

#### Sponsors

![Techqueria.org - Sponsors](https://i.imgur.com/KIyBhV3.png)

#### Contact

![Techqueria.org - Contact](https://i.imgur.com/CB9Mb0O.png)

#### Slack

![Techqueria.org - Slack](https://i.imgur.com/sxC8sqA.png)

#### Mobile View

![Techqueria.org - Mobile View](https://i.imgur.com/Waxo31s.png)

## April 24, 2018

Spent a whole weekend revamping the existing website of Techqueria using a custom Hugo boilerplate I created called Hugoma.

Still in the process of being integrated into main website at https://techqueria.org - currently at https://beta.techqueria.org.

Helped spearhead creation of `#website` channel in Techqueria's Slack for more collaborative development of the new website.

Source code can be found at https://github.com/techqueria/website.

<blockquote class="embedly-card" data-card-controls="0"><h4><a href="https://github.com/techqueria/website">techqueria/website</a></h4><p>New website for the techqueria community</p></blockquote>
<script async src="//cdn.embedly.com/widgets/platform.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>

## August 29, 2017

Joined the Techqueria Slack Workspace

[![Techqueria Slack Workspace](https://i.imgur.com/xGKYNnB.png)](https://latinos.slack.com/archives/C0L45RV3Q/p1504037258000428)

---

## Feedback

07/01/19

Hi Frances! I just wanted to reach out and give you a big thank you for all that you do for this community. I’m so excited to see Techqueria start to reach its potential, and feel empowered to see a badass chica (YOU) take the lead on so many great initiatives. I do my fair share of volunteering with other remote/tech/slack groups, and I know it is A LOT of work. Nevertheless, you are a frontrunner for all of this greatness, so thank you! - Sal Ramirez
