content/posts/2019-05-21-npower-women-in-tech.md, before:

---
title: "Women in Tech: Fireside Chat & Mixer"
date: 2019-05-21
image: https://i.imgur.com/NUuMttU.jpg
description: "Part of a panel speaking on how to claim your space in the tech industry and being a woman in tech."
link: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/women-in-tech-fireside-chat-mixer-tickets-60148557956#
location: CBS Interactive - San Francisco, California
categories:
  - speaking
tags:
  - npower
  - women in tech
  - cbs interactive
---

Join NPower and CBS Interactive for an evening of learning and networking with the Bay Area's leading women in technology.

The 40 by 22 initiative sponsored by the Citi Foundation is designed to increase awareness and support of Women in Technology. NPower has a goal of increasing women in IT to 40% by year 2022.

Learn about the tech industry from professionals and find ways to claim your space in Tech.

Program:

- Networking Mixer
- Words from Current NPower Student
- Fireside Chat with Leading Women in Tech

Fireside Chat with:

- Georgina Kennedy, Director Product Management, CBS Interactive
- Frances Coronel, Software Engineer, Slack
- Lucy Basta, Co-Founder at WorkWell, Moderated by NPower Alumna & US Army Veteran:
- Ashleigh Titre Lo, Infrastructure Acquisition & Divestiture Project Manager, iTalent Digital @ Cisco

---

Hi Frances, it was great to meet you at the Npower event last night. Great job on the panel -- your experience is very inspiring! I hope our paths cross again! ~ Robin

---

Hi Frances,
Happy Friday! I hope this finds you well.
My name is Mynhan, like the Mayans, and I was at the Women in Tech event where spoke about your experience in tech. Thank you soo much for sharing your story. It was truly inspiring and empowering!
Warmly,
Mynhan

---

Great speech today! Looking forward to connect! - Daria

---

![gift](https://i.imgur.com/WvBcwmU.jpg)

![gift 2](https://i.imgur.com/nZLOlW7.jpg)

Commit message:

updates to posts
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <hello@fvcproductions.com>

content/posts/2019-05-21-npower-women-in-tech.md, after:

---
title: "Women in Tech: Fireside Chat & Mixer"
date: 2019-05-21
image: https://i.imgur.com/ik28w9q.jpg
description: "Part of a panel speaking on how to claim your space in the tech industry and being a woman in tech."
link: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/women-in-tech-fireside-chat-mixer-tickets-60148557956#
location: CBS Interactive - San Francisco, California
categories:
  - speaking
tags:
  - npower
  - women in tech
  - cbs interactive
---

## Overview

Join NPower and CBS Interactive for an evening of learning and networking with the Bay Area's leading women in technology.

The 40 by 22 initiative sponsored by the Citi Foundation is designed to increase awareness and support of Women in Technology. NPower has a goal of increasing women in IT to 40% by year 2022.

Learn about the tech industry from professionals and find ways to claim your space in Tech.

Program:

- Networking Mixer
- Words from Current NPower Student
- Fireside Chat with Leading Women in Tech

Fireside Chat with:

- Georgina Kennedy, Director Product Management, CBS Interactive
- Frances Coronel, Software Engineer, Slack
- Lucy Basta, Co-Founder at WorkWell, Moderated by NPower Alumna & US Army Veteran:
- Ashleigh Titre Lo, Infrastructure Acquisition & Divestiture Project Manager, iTalent Digital @ Cisco

## Feedback

"Hi Frances, it was great to meet you at the Npower event last night. Great job on the panel -- your experience is very inspiring! I hope our paths cross again!" - Robin

"Hi Frances, Happy Friday! I hope this finds you well. My name is Mynhan, like the Mayans, and I was at the Women in Tech event where spoke about your experience in tech. Thank you soo much for sharing your story. It was truly inspiring and empowering!" - Mynham

"Great speech today! Looking forward to connect!" - Daria

## Photos

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://photos.app.goo.gl/mAQn2hxqP3EbtijcA">Npower at CBS</a></h4><p>126 new photos · Album by Frances Coronel</p></blockquote>
<script async src="//cdn.embedly.com/widgets/platform.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>

![npower 1](https://i.imgur.com/I5Txchv.jpg)

![npower 2](https://i.imgur.com/SK1HEID.jpg)

![npower 3](https://i.imgur.com/spsSakS.jpg)

![npower 4](https://i.imgur.com/ik28w9q.jpg)

![gift](https://i.imgur.com/WvBcwmU.jpg)

![gift 2](https://i.imgur.com/nZLOlW7.jpg)
