content/posts/2019-08-04-unidos-us.md, before:

---
title: "UnidosUS"
date: 2019-08-04
description: "UnidosUS is the United States's largest Latino nonprofit advocacy organization."
image: https://i.imgur.com/qPLPl8I.jpg
link: https://conference.unidosus.org/conference_schedule.html
location: San Diego Convention Center - San Diego, CA
categories:
  - conference
  - speaking
tags:
  - latina in tech
  - unidos
---

Sunday, August 4 at 9am — Worskhop Session — Latinas in Tech: Breaking the Digital Ceiling

This conference is the largest gathering of its kind in the Hispanic community and serves as the meeting ground for thousands of community leaders, activists, and volunteers; elected and appointed officials; members of the corporate, philanthropic, and academic communities; college students; and youth.

```txt
Latinas in Tech: Breaking the Digital Ceiling

The evidence is clear. A more diverse workforce leads to higher revenue for a company and more inventive teams, but despite well-intentioned diversity and inclusion initiatives, minorities and especially Latinas continue to be underrepresented in the tech industry, making up only 1% of working tech professionals. Join us for an honest conversation with Latinas who are breaking the glass ceiling in this male-dominated field to discuss their journey. How were they able to get their foot in the door? How did they find mentors? They’ll answer these questions and break down the skills and knowledge needed to succeed in the field.
```

Commit message:

upcoming episodes
Signed-off-by: Frances Coronel <hello@fvcproductions.com>

content/posts/2019-08-04-unidos-us.md, after:

---
title: "UnidosUS"
date: 2019-08-04
description: "UnidosUS is the United States's largest Latino nonprofit advocacy organization."
image: https://i.imgur.com/nJInq0P.jpg
link: https://conference.unidosus.org/conference_schedule.html
location: San Diego Convention Center - San Diego, CA
categories:
  - conference
  - speaking
tags:
  - latina in tech
  - unidos
---

Sunday, August 4 at 9am — Worskhop Session — Latinas in Tech: Breaking the Digital Ceiling

This conference is the largest gathering of its kind in the Hispanic community and serves as the meeting ground for thousands of community leaders, activists, and volunteers; elected and appointed officials; members of the corporate, philanthropic, and academic communities; college students; and youth.

```txt
Latinas in Tech: Breaking the Digital Ceiling

The evidence is clear. A more diverse workforce leads to higher revenue for a company and more inventive teams, but despite well-intentioned diversity and inclusion initiatives, minorities and especially Latinas continue to be underrepresented in the tech industry, making up only 1% of working tech professionals. Join us for an honest conversation with Latinas who are breaking the glass ceiling in this male-dominated field to discuss their journey. How were they able to get their foot in the door? How did they find mentors? They’ll answer these questions and break down the skills and knowledge needed to succeed in the field.
```

<blockquote class="embedly-card"><h4><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:6563877103362805760/">Frances Coronel on LinkedIn: "I had a great time speaking on a panel with other amazing Latinas in Tech at the #UnidosUS19 conference. 🙌🏽 We talked about the hardships we face as Latinas in Tech, policy changes that would encourage young women of color to get interested in tech, finding your tribe (like Techqueria 🌮) and why it is important to have more diverse voices in tech in the first place (spoiler alert: it's so we don't end up in a dystopian environment 🤖). A big shout out to Diana Rosales and Laura I. Gómez for sharing their stories - you two inspire me and I'd love to have you share your stories on the #TechQueens podcast as well. 🎙️ And thank you to Diane from Univision Communications Inc. for moderating and UnidosUS (formerly National Council of La Raza) for providing the opportunity. 💛 #SiSePuede #LatinasInTech"</a></h4><p>August 4, 2019: Frances Coronel posted images on LinkedIn</p></blockquote>
<script async src="//cdn.embedly.com/widgets/platform.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>

---

![Unidos US 2](https://i.imgur.com/9bsf5ij.jpg)

![Unidos US 3](https://i.imgur.com/4Ayn41N.png)

![Unidos US 4](https://i.imgur.com/nJInq0P.jpg)

![Unidos US 5](https://i.imgur.com/DEBXRye.png)

![Unidos US 6](https://i.imgur.com/vLVozn3.png)
